Afghanistan 
H.E. Mr. Schah-zaman Maiwandi  Director General  National Environmental Protection Agency 
Mr. Idrees Malyar  Deputy Head, National Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Abdul Khalil Arman  UNFCCC National Focal Point  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmad Samim Hoshmand  
Mr. Mohammad Shoaib Saboory  
Mr. Rohullah Amin  
Mr. M.Solaiman Bakhshi  
Mr. Mohammad Monib Noori  
Ms. Laila Ayan  UN Affairs Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohammad Salim Salim  
Mr. Roshaan Wolusmal  
Ms. Silke Christina Ingrid Wartmann  
Mr. Humayoon Rasaw  
Mr. Mohammad Reza Qasemi  
Mr. Ahmad Shekib Mostaghni  
Albania 
Ms. Mirela Kamberi  Team Leader, Projects Manager  United Nations Development Programme - Tirana  
Mr. Gazmend Barbullushi  Ambassador  Embassy of Albania, Spain  
Algeria 
H.E. Ms. Fatma Zohra Zerouati  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energies  
Mr. Toufik Milat  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Algerian Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Lazhar Soualem  Director  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Algerian Embassy in Warsaw  
Mr. Athmane Mehadji  General Direction of Multilateral Relations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tahar Melizi  General Manager  Ministry of Interior, Land Management and Territorial Collectivities  
Mr. Abdelouahab Berretima  Director  Ministry of Interior, Land Management and Territorial Collectivities  
Mr. Abdel Hamid Terghini  Ministry of Tourism  
Mr. Ali Menguelati  Councelor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Algerian Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Mohammed Bakalem  National Economic and Social Council  
Mr. Boubakeur Abbes  National Economic and Social Council  
Ms. Hamida Merabet  Analysis and Synthesis Manager  National Economic and Social Council  
Ms. Mehdya Taallah  Deputy-Director  Ministry of Public Works  
Ms. Dallel Boudissa  Deputy Director  Ministry of Interior, Land Management and Territorial Collectivities  
Mr. Abderrahmane Boukadoum  General Director  
National Agency of Climate Change  
Ms. Saida Laouar  Deputy Director, Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Nacera Amrani Bernaoui  Study and Synthesis Manager  Ministry of Water Resources  
Mr. Redha Bourioua  Deputy Director of Construction’s Laws  Ministry of Housing and Land  
Mr. Hamza Merabet  Researcher  Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research  Centre for Development of Renewable Energy  
Ms. Terkia Hamana  First Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Algerian Embassy in Madrid  
Ms. Cylia Arrous  First Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Algerian Embassy in Madrid  
Ms. Wissam Toubal  In Charge of Phytogenitic Resources  Direction General of Forest  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Noureddine Yassaa  Director, Centre for Development of Renewable Energy  Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research  
Mr. Karim Ouamane  Director General  National Agency of Wastes  Ministry of Water Resources and Environment  
Mr. Redouane Aouf  Ministry of Infrastructure and Transports  Air Algérie  
Ms. Bouchra Ayouaz  In Charge of Communication  Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energies   
Algeria (continued) 
Mr. Mohamed El Amine Boudis  Communication Officer  Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energies  
Andorra 
H.E. Mr. Xavier Espot Zamora  Prime Minister  Govern d’Andorra  
H.E. Ms. Silvia Calvó Armengol  Minister  Govern d’Andorra  
Mr. Vicenç Mateu Zamora  Ambassador from Andorra to Spain  Embassy of Andorra in Spain  Govern d’Andorra  
Mr. Marc Rossell Soler  Secretary of State for Agriculture and Sustainability  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Sustainability  Govern d’Andorra  
Mr. Guillem Casal Font  Chief of Staff of the Head of Government  Govern d’Andorra  
Mr. Carles Miquel Garcia  Director of the Energy and Climate Change Agency  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Sustainability  Govern d’Andorra  
Ms. Iolanda Arauz Bringué  Second Secretary  Embassy of Andorra in Spain  Govern d’Andorra  
Ms. Gemma Raduan Corrius  Second Secretary  Embassy of Andorra in Spain  Govern d’Andorra  
Angola 
S.E. Sra. Paula Cristina Francisco  Minister  Angola Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Giza Gaspar Martins  Director  Cabinet of Climate Change  Angola Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Cecilia Silva Bernardo  Head of Vulnerabilities  Climate Change  Angola Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Jose Luis de Matos Agostinho  Angolan Ambassador to Spain  
Mr. Jorge Bengue Calumbo  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Mario Sergio Caposso  Secretary of State Consultant  Minister of Environment  
Mr. Luis Domingos Constantino  Minister of Environment  
Ms. Esperaça Maria e Francisco da Costa  Academia  Universidade Agostinho Neto  
Mr. Abias Moma Huongo  Climate Change Consultant  
Mr. Arsenio Victorino Machado  Consultant  Minister of Environment  
Mr. Faustino Angelo Manuel  Ministerio da Agricultura  
Ms. Arlette Massala  Secretary of State Consultant  International Relations Department  Angola Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Thiago de Araújo Mendes  
Mr. Benedito Jose Singa Moda  
Mr. Andre de Jesus Moda  Secretary of State of Agriculture  
Sra. Jandira Domingas Matias Narciso  Secretary  Climate Change  Angola Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Manuel Nazareth Neto  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Paulo Alexandre Agostinho de Oliveira  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Raju Pandit  
Ms. Caroline Dihl Prolo  
Mr. Gaspar Francisco dos Santos  Minister of Transport  
Mr. Amir Laurence Sokolowski  
Ms. Gabrielle Simone Ashton Swaby  
Antigua and Barbuda 
H.E. Mr. Molywn Joseph  Minister  Ministry of Health and the Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
H.E. Mr. Morgonson Joseph  Honorable Minister  Ministry of Health, Wellness and the Environment  
H.E. Ms. Diann Black-Layne  Ambassador for Climate Change  Environment Division  Ministry of Agriculture, Lands, Housing and the Environment  
Mr. Tumasie Coastain Blair  Counselor  Permanent Mission to the UN  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Michai Robertson  Legal Consultant  Department of Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. Rashauna Lorielle Adams  Project Consultant  Department of Environment  Ministry of Health, Wellness and the Environment  
Ms. Joana Teresa Gomes  Project Development Officer  Department of Environment  Ministry of Health, Wellness and the Environment  
Ms. Genevieve Renaud-Byrne  Project Coordinator  Department of Environment  Ministry of Health, Wellness and the Environment  
  
Antigua and Barbuda (continued) 
Mr. Arry Simon  Climate Assessment and Information Officer  Department of the Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Mr. Martin Barriteau  Department of the Environment  
Ms. Frances Mary Fuller  Department of the Environment  
Ms. Gail Cecilia Imhoff-Gordon  Ministry of Finance and Corporate Governance  
Ms. Nadia Shantil Spencer-Henry  Ministry of Finance and Corporate Governance  
Argentina 
Sr. Mauricio Macri  Presidente  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Luis Miguel Etchevehere  Ministro de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Juan Cabandié  Minister  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sr. Sergio Alejandro Bergman  Government Secretary of Environment and Sustainable Development  Secretaría de Gobierno de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sustentable  
Sr. Fernando De Andreis  Secretario de Estado  Secretario General  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Fulvio Pompeo  Secretario de Estado  Asuntos Estratégicos  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sra. María del Pilar Bueno  Expert  Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Científicas y Técnicas  
Sra. Marcia Rosa Levaggi  Ministro Plenipotenciario, Directora de Asuntos Ambientales  Dirección de Asuntos Ambientales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Culto  
Sr. Federico Ramón Puerta  Embajador  Embajada de España en Argentina  
Mr. Carlos Bruno Gentile  Secretary of Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Secretaría de Gobierno de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sustentable  
Sr. Dario Nieto  Subsecretario  Asuntos Presidenciales  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Jose Luis Yofre  Jefe  Casa Militar  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Santiago Del Solar  Titular de Unidad de Coordinacion General  Unidad de Coordinacion  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  
Sr. Rodrigo Jesús Rodriguez Tornquist  Coordinador Transporte Sostenible  Asociación Civil Sustentar para el Desarrollo Sostenible   
Sr. Carlos Daniel Galligani  Director Nacional  Prensa  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Dario Alberto Lucas  Funcionario  Ceremonial  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sra. María Virginia Cid  Directora  Dirección General de Actividades Presidenciales  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sra. Micaela Méndez  Directora  Dirección de Gestión Comunicacional  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sra. Sophia Feroce  Directora  
Audiovisual  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Nicolas Juan Lucas  Director Producciones Sostenibles  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  
Sr. Ivan Pavlovsky  Coordinador  Unidad de Comunicación Presidencial  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Alejandro Cecati  Jefe  Custodia  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Simón Salzberg  Jefe  Unidad Medica  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Hugo Matias Almang  Secretario de Embajada  Dirección de Asuntos Ambientales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Culto  
Sr. Diego Hoffmann  Jefe  Unidad Médica Presidencial  Presidencia de la Nación  
Ms. Macarena Maia Moreira Muzio  Mitigation Coordinator  National Directorate of Climate Change  Government Secretariat of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Sra. Juliana Awada  Primera Dama  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Nicolás Beun  Funcionario  Redes Sociales  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Cristian Caroli  Médico de Avanzada  Unidad Médica Presidencial  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Mariano Chini  Funcionario  Ceremonial  Presidencia de la Nación  
  
Argentina (continued) 
Ms. Mariana Trinidad Corvaro  Technical Advisor  National Directorate of Climate Change  Secretaría de Gobierno de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sustentable  
Ms. Stefania D’Annibali  Technical Advisor  National Directorate of Climate Change  Secretaría de Gobierno de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sustentable  
Sr. Tobías De Marcos  Secretario Privado  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sra. Sofia Del Castillo  Technical Advisor  National Directorate of Climate Change  Secretaría de Gobierno de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sustentable  
Sra. Jessica Roxana Hechem  Secretario de Embajada  Embajada Argentina en España  
Sr. Guillermo Hirschfeld  Consejero de Embajada  Embajada Argentina en España  
Sra. Heripsime Lara Jensezian  Embajada Argentina en España  
Sr. Sergio Adrián Kremer  Consejero de Embajada  Embajada Argentina en España  
Sr. Ezequiel Leonarduzzi  Investigador  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca de la Nación.  Instituto Nacional de Investigación y Desarrollo Pesquero  
Sr. Andrés Marchetti  Funcionario  Ceremonial  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Eduardo José Michel  Ministro Plenipotenciario  Embajada Argentina en España  
Sra. Fátima Micheo  Funcionaria  Secretaría de Comunicación 
Presidencial  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Christian Morelli  Funcionario  Custodia  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Ignacio Novillo  Productor y camarógrafo  Audiovisual  Presidencia de la Nación  
Mr. Luis Alberto Panichelli  Technician  National Directorate of Climate change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Sra. Natalia Alejandra Parrilli  Secretario de Embajada  Embajada Argentina en España  
Sr. Andrés Said  Asesor técnico  Dirección de Producciones Sostenibles  Ministerio de Agroindustria  
Sr. Victor Damián Schapovaloff  Funcionario  Fotógrafo oficial  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Ruben Sosa  Funcionario  Custodio  Presidencia de la Nación  
Sr. Francisco Vergara Neumann  Funcionario  Dirección Nacional de Ceremonial  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Culto  
Sra. Lucía Isabel Viera  Secretaria de Embajada  Dirección Nacional de Ceremonial  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Culto  
Armenia 
H.E. Mr. Erik Grigoryan  Minister of Environment 
Mr. Hayrapet Hakobyan  Assistant of Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Diana Harutyunyan  Climate Change Programme 
Coordinator  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Allison Morrill Chatrchyan  Director Cornell Institute for Climate Smart Solutions  Cornell University  
Mr. Michael Vartanyan  
Mr. Armen Asryan  
Ms. Sofya Geghamyan  
Ms. Diana Yeritspokhyants  Assistant to Deputy Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Vladimir Karmirshalyan  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Armenia to Spain  
Ms. Mariam Gevorgyan  Embassy of the Republic of Armenia to Spain  
Australia 
H.E. Mr. Angus Taylor  Minister for Energy and Emissions Reductions Government of Australia  
H.E. Mr. Jamie Isbister  Ambassador for the Environment  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Gareth Williams  Director  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Shreen Strauss  Branch Support  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
  
Australia (continued) 
Ms. Julia Feeney  Assistant Secretary  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Russell Miles  Director  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Katherine Hancock  Assistant Director  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Chao Feng  Policy Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Kathryn Sangster  Policy Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Steven Turnbull  Policy Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Fiona Gilbert  Policy Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Margalit Levin  Policy Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Hannah Lord  Policy Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Peter Onorato  Policy Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Celeste Powell  Director  Pacific Security Maritime and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Suzanne Akila  Special Adviser  Legal Division  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Gaia Puleston  Director  International Climate Change and Energy Innovation Division  Department of the Environment and Energy  
Ms. Julia Gardiner  Assistant Director  International Climate Change and Energy Innovation Division  Department of the Environment and Energy  
Mr. Aaron Kirby  Policy Officer  International Climate Change and Energy Innovation Division  Department of the Environment and Energy  
Ms. Taha Cowen  Policy Officer  International Climate Change and Energy Innovation Division  Department of the Environment and Energy  
Ms. Kushla Munro  First Assistant Secretary  International Climate Change and Energy Innovation Division  Department of the Environment and Energy  
Austria 
H.E. Mr. Alexander Van Der Bellen  President  
H.E. Ms. Maria Patek  Minister  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Mr. Juergen Schneider  Director General  Directorate General IV - Climate  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Mr. Helmut Hojesky  Director  Division IV/1 - Climate Policy Coordination  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Mr. Franz Breitwieser  Federal Ministry for Europe, Integration and Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Gertraud Wollansky  Senior Advisor  Directorate General IV - Climate  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Ms. Elfriede A. More  Director  Division I/9 - International Environmental Affairs  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Mr. Matthias Braun  Division IV/1 - Climate Policy Coordination  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Ms. Angela Friedrich  Division IV/1 - Climate Policy Coordination  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Mr. Jesus Garcia Latorre  Division I/9 - International Environmental Affairs  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
  
Austria (continued) 
Ms. Marie-Christine Hopfgartner  Division IV/1 - Climate Policy Coordination  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Ms. Cornelia Jäger  Division IV/1 - Climate Policy Coordination  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Mr. Manfred Kohlbach  Division IV/1 - Climate Policy Coordination  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Mr. Gerhard Loibl  Division I/9 - International Environmental Affairs  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Ms. Talieh Wögerbauer  Division IV/1 - Climate Policy Coordination  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Ms. Catrin Promper  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Ms. Klara Melbinger  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Ms. Pia Mokros  Federal Ministry for Sustainability and Tourism  
Mr. Jose Gabriel Delgado Jimenez  Federal Ministry for Finance  
Mr. Wolfgang Diernhofer  Head of Carbon Management Department  Kommunalkredit Public Consulting  
Mr. Henrik Neier  Federal Environment Agency  
Ms. Pia Paola Huber  Federal Chancellery  
H.E. Mr. Christian Ebner  Ambassador  Austrian Embassy Madrid  
Ms. Ulrike Nguyen  Minister  Austrian Embassy Madrid  
Mr. Oliver Korschil  Office of the President  
Ms. Inge Hausbichler  Office of the President  
Ms. Katharina Rauscher  Office of the President  
Mr. Michael Bernhard  Member of Parliament  Austrian Parliament  
Mr. Ernst Gödl  Member of Parliament  Austrian Parliament  
Ms. Julia Herr  Member of Parliament  Austrian Parliament  
Mr. André Buchegger  Austrian Chamber of Commerce  
Mr. Dieter Drexel  Association of Industrialists  
Mr. Martin Krenn  Austrian Bishops Conference  
Ms. Lisa Plattner  World Wildlife Fund  
Ms. Ines Birke  Youth Delegate  CliMates Austria  
Mr. Antoine Ferraris  Youth Delegate  CliMates Austria  
Azerbaijan 
H.E. Mr. Mukhtar Babayev  Minister  Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources  
Mr. Rauf Hajiyev  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources  
H.E. Mr. Anar Maharramov  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Azerbaijan to the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Jeyhun Hasanov  National Hydrometeorology Department  
Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources  
Mr. Namik Ramazanov  Second Secretary of the Embassy of the Republic of Azerbaijan in the Kingdom of Spain  
Bahamas 
H.E. Mr. Romauld Ferreira  Minister  Ministry of the Environment and Housing  
Ms. Rochelle Newbold  Director  Best Commission  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Michael Pintard  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Marine Resources  
Mr. Charles Hamilton  
Ms. Rhianna Murphy  Ministry of the Environment and Housing  
Ms. Marcia Musgrove  Chief Policy Advisor  The Nature Conservancy Caribbean Program  
Mr. Jeffery Simmons  Deputy Director  Department of Meteorology  Ministry of Transport and Local Government  
Mr. Tarran Edgar Simms  Sustainable Tourism Unit  
Ms. Adelle Thomas  Speaker  Expert Dialogue on Technologies For Averting, Minimizing and Addressing Loss and Damage  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Bahrain 
H.E. Mr. Shaikh Mohamed Khalifa AlKhalifa  Minister  National Oil and Gas Authority  
  
Bahrain (continued) 
Mr. Naser Sultan AlSowaidi  Undersecretary  CEO- National Gas and Oil Authority  National Oil and Gas Authority  
Mr. Hussain Jaffar Makki  Advisor  National Oil and Gas Authority  
Ms. Suzan Mohammed Alajjawi  Acting Director, Environmental Policies and Planning  Directorate of Environmental Policies and Planning  Supreme Council for the Environment  
Mr. Sayed Ali Hasan  Director  Ministry of Industry Commerce and Tourism  
Mr. Waleed Abdulla Ali  Director  Industrial Safety and Security  Electricity and Water Authority  
Mr. Mohamed Abdulla AlKooheji  Second Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Dalal Fuad AlBaharana  Technical Specialist  Sustainable Energy Authority  
Mr. Abdulla Ali Hasan Alalwani  Employee  National Oil and Gas Authority  
Bangladesh 
H.E. Ms. Sheikh Hasina  Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Md Shahab Uddin  Honourable Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. A K Abdul Momen  Honourable Foreign Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Mohammed Hasan Mahmud  Honourable Minister  Ministry of Information  
Mr. Abdullah Al Mohsin Chowdhury  Secretary  
Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
H.E. Ms. Habibun Nahar  Honourable Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Md Nojibur Rahman  Principal Secretary  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Md Nasiruzzaman  Secretary  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Md Shah Kamal  Senior Secretary  Ministry of Disaster Management and Relief  
Mr. Kaikaus Ahmad  Senior Secretary  Power Division  
Mr. A K M Rafique Ahammed  Director General  Department of Environment  
Mr. Md Mohsin  Additional Secretary  Ministry of Disaster Management and Relief  
Ms. Farida Nasreen  Additional Secretary  Economic Relations Division  
Mr. Nurul Quadir  Additional Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. S M Munjurul Hannan Khan  Additional Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Alamgir Mohammed Monsurul Alam  Additional Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. S M Imrul Hasan  Senior Assistant Chief  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Shanchita Haque  Minister  Bangladesh Permanent Mission in New York  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sanjay Kumar Bhowmik  Joint Secretary  
Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Md Rakibul Hasan Mukul  Deputy Chief Conservator of Forests  Bangladesh Forest Department  
Mr. Shamshur Rahman Khan  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Mohammad Mijanur Rahman  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Shakila Yasmin  Assistant Director  Bangladesh Climate Change Trust  
Mr. Md Jane Alam  Assistant Director, Protocol  Bangladesh Climate Change Trust  
Mr. Md Akhteruzzaman  Private Secretary to Honourable Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Mirza Shawkat Ali  Director, Climate Change and International Convention  Department of Environment  
Mr. Md Ziaul Haque  Director  Department of Environment  
Ms. Dilruba Akter  Assistant Director  Department of Environment  
Mr. Mizanur R Khan  Environment Specialist  
Mr. Md Abdul Karim  Senior Adviser  BRAC  
Mr. Mohammed Asaduzzaman  Environment Specialist  
Mr. Saber Hossain Chowdhury  Member of Parliament  
  
Bangladesh (continued) 
Ms. Khodeza Nasreen Akhter Hossain  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Md Rejaul Karim Bablu  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Zafar Alam  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Dipankar Talukdar  Member of Parliament  
Ms. Milia Sharmin  Deputy Secretary  Finance Division, Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Naimul Azam Khan  Personal Secretary  Chairman, Parliamentary Standing Committee on MoEFCC  
Mr. Shaikh Asaf Ud Dullah  Personal Assistant  Chairman, Parliamentary Standing Committee on MoEFCC  
Mr. Mohd Amin  Personal Assistant of Honourable Member of Parliament  
Mr. Md Rezaul Karim  Personal Assistant of Honourable Member of Parliament  
Mr. Md Jahangir Alam  Personal Assistant to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Mohammad Abu Jafar Raju  Protocol Officer to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. A K M Sawkat Ullah Sameo  ADC to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Md Saif Ullah  Deputy Military Secretary to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Samia Anjum  Director General, FMO  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. M Amanul Haq  Director General, Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Md Shahidul Haque  Senior Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Md Shakhawat Hossain  Deputy Chief of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Md Nazrul Islam  Director General  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. A K M Shahidul Karim  Chief of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ataur Rahman  Assistant Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sumon Das  Official Photographer  Press Information Department  
Mr. Fahad Ferdous  Senior Correspondent  United News of Bangladesh  
Mr. Miah Muhammad Hasan Jahid Tusher  Deputy Press Secretary to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Mohammed Yousuf Hossain  Official Film Cameraman  Department of Films and Publications  
Mr. AZM Sajjad Hossain  Special Correspondent  Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha  
Mr. Md Nazrul Islam  Speech Writer to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Saiful Islam Kallol  Senior Photo Journalist  Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha  
Mr. Ihsanul Karim  Press Secretary to Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. M M Emrul Kayas  Assistant Press Secretary to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Md Sirajul Islam Khan  Deputy Controller of News  Bangladesh Betar  
Mr. Mohiuddin Mahmud  Senior Correspondent  Banglanews24.com  
Mr. Golam Mujtaba  Staff Correspondent  bdnews24.com  
Mr. Md Asifur Rahman  Executive Producer, News  Bangladesh Television  
Mr. Sheikh Mamunur Rashid  Senior Journalist  Bangladesh Federal Union of Journalists  
Mr. Pantho Reja  Senior Cameraman  Bangladesh Television  
Ms. Farzana Rupa  Special Correspondent  71 Television  
Mr. Shahjahan Sardar  Editor  Bangladesh Journal  
Mr. Md Jahangir Alam  Commander  President Guard Regiment  
Mr. Md Majibur Rahman  Director General  Special Security Force  
Mr. Nur Uddin Ahmad  Major  President Guard Regiment  
Mr. Md Mahbub-Ul Hakim  Director  Special Security Force  
Mr. Mohammad Saiful Islam  Deputy Director  Special Security Force  
Mr. Sadman Intisar Rafid  Assistant Director  Special Security Force  
Mr. A S M Tarijus Shakerin  Deputy Director  Special Security Force  
Mr. Mohammad Liakath Ali  Director  Climate Change Programme BRAC  
  
Bangladesh (continued) 
Ms. Afsari Begum  Senior Specialist  Practical Action  
Mr. Dr Md Khalequzzaman  Adviser  Bangladesh Bondhu Foundation  
Mr. Abu Sadat Moniruzzaman Khan  Programme head  Climate Change Programme BRAC  
Mr. Mahmood Malik  Executive Director and CEO  Infrastructure Development Company Limited  
Mr. Sayeed Mahmud Riadh  Head of Programme  Concern Worldwide  
H.E. Mr. Hassan Mahmood Khandker  Ambassador and Permanent Representative to UNWTO  Embassy of Bangladesh, Spain  
Mr. Afzal Mehdat Adnan  Assistant Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Redwan Ahmed  Commercial Counsellor  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Md Jahangir Alam  Administrative Officer, Accounts  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Muhammad Shafiul Azam  First Secretary  Embassy of Bangladesh, Berlin  
Mr. Javier Burgos Sainz  Secretary to Commercial Counsellor  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Luis Alberto Chunga Sanchez  Driver to the H.E. Ambassador  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Daniel Gonzales Bustamante  Driver of Staff car  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Ornob Hossain  Messenger  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Md Shafiqul Islam  Office Assistant and Computer 
Typist  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Md Shoriful Islam  First Secretary  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Md Saiful Islam  Personal Officer to H.E.  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Jayson Jovellano del Rosario  Driver of Commercial Wing  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Jose Carlos Miranda Alonso  Driver of Labour Wing  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Gonzalo Munoz Carrillo  Receptionist and Secretary to H.E  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. A S M Reza Shah Pahlavy  PO Consular  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. M Harun Al Rashid  Minister, DCM and HOC  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Md Shakil Sahrior  First Secretary  Embassy of Bangladesh, Denmark  
Ms. Tahsina Afrin Sharmin  Second Secretary  Embassy of Bangladesh, Madrid  
Mr. Md Mokhlesar Rahman Sarker  Deputy Managing Director  Bangladesh Climate Change Trust  
Mr. Mohammad Hafijul Islam Khan  Environment Specialist  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Ms. Sultana Afroz  Additional Secretary  Economic Relations Division  
Ms. Mst Mohsina Akter Banu  Senior Assistant Secretary  Economic Relations Division  
Ms. Nurun Nahar  Deputy Chief  Economic Relations Division  
Mr. Md Mokammel Hossain  Additional Secretary  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Andalib Elias  Director General  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Rumaisa Samad  Spouse of H. E. Ambassador  Embassy of Bangladesh, Spain  
Mr. Md Iqbal Kabir  Doctor  Ministry of Health and Family Welfare  
Mr. Md Habibur Rahman Khan  Additional Secretary  Ministry of Health and Family Welfare  
Mr. Shabbir Ahmmad  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Disaster Management and Relief  
Mr. Abdul Quader  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Disaster Management and Relief  
Barbados 
H.E. Mr. Trevor A. Prescod  Minister  Ministry of Environment and National Beautification  
Mr. Travis Antonio Sinckler  Senior Environmental Officer  Policy Research, Planning and Information Unit  Ministry of Environment and National Beautification  
Mr. Ron Goodridge  Environmental Officer  Ministry of Environment and National Beautification  
Mr. Hugh Sealy  Special Advisor  Ministry of Environment and National Beautification  
Mr. David Bynoe  National Coordinator  Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme  United Nations Development Programme  
  
Barbados (continued) 
Ms. Kereeta Nicole Whyte  First Secretary  Permanent Mission of Barbados to the United Nations  
Belarus 
H.E. Mr. Andrei Khudyk  Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection  
H.E. Mr. Pavel Pustovoy  Ambassador  Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Belarus to the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Aleksandr Ivashkevich  Third Secretary  Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Belarus to the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Ivan Narkevitch  Head of the Department of International Projects  Department of International Projects  Belarusian Scientific and Research Center, Ecology  
Mr. Ivan Prykhodzka  Assistant Minister  Ministry staff  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection  
Mr. Alexander Shpakovsky  Deputy Head  International Cooperation Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection  
Ms. Olga Vavilonskaya  Chief Spesialist  Department of Environmental Regulation and Standardization  State Enterprise EcologyInvest  
Belgium 
H.E. Ms. Sophie Wilmès  Prime Minister  Government of Belgium  
H.E. Ms. Marie-Christine E. F. Marghem  
Minister  Ministry of Energy, Environment and Sustainable Development  
H.E. Ms. Zuhal Demir  Minister  Flemish Region Ministry of Environment and Energy  
H.E. Mr. Philippe Henry  Walloon Region Minister of Budget, Finances, Energy, Climate and Airports  
H.E. Mr. Alain Maron  Brussels Capital Region Ministry in charge of Climate Transition, Environment, Energy and Participative Democracy  
Mr. Peter Gerard Wittoeck  Coordinator  Head of Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Ulrik Lenaerts  Deputy Coordinator  Federal Public Service Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation  
H.E. Mr. Marc Calcoen  Ambassador of the Kingdom of Belgium in Madrid  
H.E. Mr. Christian de Lannoy  Special Envoy Environment and Climate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Development Cooperation  
Mr. Rodolphe Ruggeri  Office of the Prime Minister of Belgium  
Mr. Stéphane Mund  Office of the Prime Minister of Belgium  
Ms. Elke Pattyn  Office of the Prime Minister of Belgium  
Ms. Caroline Piret  Chief of Protocol  Cabinet of Prime Minister Wilmès  
Mr. Thomas Daems  Cabinet of Prime Minister Wilmès  
Mr. Allal Mesrar  Cabinet of Minister Marghem  
Mr. Andy Pieters  Cabinet of Minister Demir  
Mr. Stijn Caekelbergh  Cabinet of Minister Demir  
Ms. Sylviane Bilgischer  Cabinet of Minister Borsus  
Mr. Dominique Perrin  Cabinet of Minister Henry  
Mr. Pierre Castelain  Cabinet of Minister Henry  
Mr. Nicolas Raimondi  Cabinet of Minister Maron  
Mr. Pascal Devos  Cabinet of Minister Maron  
Mr. Geert Fremout  Climate Change Policy Adviser  Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Etienne Hannon  Climate Change Policy Adviser, Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Ms. Sophie Closson  Climate Change Policy Adviser  Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Bert Van Loon  Climate Change Policy Adviser  Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Samuel Buys  Climate Change Policy Adviser, Climate Change Section  EM400189  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Lambert Richard Schneider  Research Coordinatorfor International Climate Policy  Oeko-Institut e.V. Institute for Applied Ecology  
  
Belgium (continued) 
Ms. Laura De Maeyer  Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Ms. Claire Collin  Environment  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Ms. Sophie Mirgaux  Marine Environment  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Emmanuel Auquier  Direction générale Coordination et Affaires européennes  FPS Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation  
Ms. Vicky Noens  Climate Change Policy Adviser, Division International Policy  Department of Environment and Spatial Development  Government of Flanders  
Mr. Pieter Logghe  Climate Policy Adviser, Air, Nuisance, Risk Management, Environment and Health Division  Department of Environment and Spatial Development  Government of Flanders  
Mr. Matthias De Moor  Department of Environment and Spatial Development  Government of Flanders  
Ms. Zohra El Aissaoui  Department of Environment and Spatial Planning  Government of Flanders  
Mr. Olivier Kassi  Climate and Carbon Market Advisor  Walloon Air and Climate Agency  
Mr. Stéphane Cools  Climate Policy Adviser  Walloon Agency for Air and Climate  Walloon Region  
Mr. Julien Berry  Brussels Environment  
Mr. Marc Depoortere  Directeur  Federal Council for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Jean-Pascal van Ypersele de Strihou  Scientific Advisor  Université Catholique de Louvain  
Belize 
H.E. Mr. Omar Antonio Figueroa  Minister of Fisheries, Forestry the Environment and Sustainable Development 
H.E. Mr. Angel Oswaldo Campos  Minister of State  Ministry of Human Development, Social Transformation and Poverty Alleviation  
Mr. Percival Pedro Cho  Chief Executive Officer  Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries, Forestry, the Environment, Sustainable Development and Immigration  
H.E. Ms. Lois M. Young  Ambassador Plenipotentiary and Extraordinary  Permanent Mission of Belize to the United Nations, New York  
H.E. Ms. Janine Elizabeth Felson  Deputy Ambassador, Permanent Representative  Permanent Mission of Belize to the United Nations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Lennox Alexander Gladden  Chief Climate Change Officer and UNFCCC Focal Point  National Climate Change Office  Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries, Forestry, the Environment, Sustainable Development and Immigration  
Mr. Carlos Cecil Fuller  International and Regional Liaison Officer  Office of the Executive Director  Caribbean Community Climate Change Center  
Mr. Colin Mattis  Deputy Chief Climate Change Officer  National Climate Change Office  
Ms. Brittany Nicole Meighan  Climate Change Officer  National Climate Change Office  Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries, Forestry, the Environment, Sustainable Development and Immigration  
Ms. Edalmi Grijalva  Technician  National Climate Change Office  
Ms. Vanessa Davina Figueroa  Policy Coordinator  Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries, Forestry, the Environment, Sustainable Development and Immigration  
Ms. Nayari Diaz  Executive Director  Protected Areas Conservation Trust  
Ms. Denaie Melise Swasey  Climate Change Technical Officer  Protected Areas Conservation Trust  
Ms. Nellie Faustina Catzim  Climate Change Adviser  Permanent Mission of Belize to the United Nations, New York  
Mr. Kenrick R. Leslie  Executive Director  Office of the Executive Director  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mr. Ulric O’Donnell Trotz  Deputy Director and Science Advisor  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mr. Donneil Glaister Cain  Senior Project Development Specialist  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
  
Belize (continued) 
Mr. Keith Egbert Nichols  Head of PDMU  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Ms. Heather Dawn Leslie-Johnson  Project Manager  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mr. Ismail Raushan Zahir  Climate Change Adviser  Permanent Mission of Belize to the United Nations, New York  
Ms. Mary Jane Mace  Climate Change Adviser  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Ms. Laetitia Louise Yvette Marie-Antoinette De Marez  Climate Change Advisor  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Tyrone Christopher Hall  Communication Consultant  Alliance of Small Island States  
Ms. Diana Samira Ruiz  Climate Change Adviser  Permanent Mission of Belize to the United Nations, New York  
Ms. Sara Savarani  Climate Change Adviser  Permanent Mission of Belize to the United Nations, New York  
Mr. Richard Bryce Rudyk  Climate Change Adviser  Permanent Mission of Belize to the United Nations, New York  
Mr. Alexander Nauels  Climate Change Advisor  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Benin 
S.E. M. Auguste C. Alavo  Ambassador  Embassy of Benin in Spain  
Mme Jeanne Josette Acacha Akoha  Directrice de Cabinet  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
M. Martin Pépin Aïna  Directeur Général de l’Environnement  
Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
M. Euloge Lima  UNFCCC National Focal Point  Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Naïmatou Bio Djara Epouse Koutouma  Directrice Générale Adjointe  Direction Générale de la Coordination et du Suivi des ODD  Ministère du Plan et du Développement  
Ms. Wadai Sacrelle Fidélia Akplo épouse Quenum  Directrice des Organisations Internationales et du Maintien de la Paix p.i  Ministère des Affaires Étrangères et de la Coopération  
Mr. Luc Marie Constant Gnacadja  Special Representative  Local Climate Adaptive Living Facility  United Nations Capital Development Fund  
Mr. Milond Leroy Bianief Soumbou Poaty  Ecologiste Environnementaliste  Jeunesse Étudiante Catholique Internationale  
Mme Prisca Roselyne Sènami Jimaja  Chef Division du Suivi de l’Intégration des Mesures d’Atténuation dans les Programmes de Développement  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Ibila Djibril  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Wilfried Biao Mongazi  Coordonnateur CDN  Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Moudjahid Akorédé Wabi  Point Focal Suppléant de la Convention-Cadre des Nations Unies sur les Changements Climatiques  
Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Demangnon Appolinaire Gnanvi  Directeur Général FNEC  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mme Gbènakpon Macandjou Sandra Gonou  Responsable du Service de la Gestion des Risques Environnementaux et Climatiques  Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Ahonalon Hermine Gbaguidi  Communicatrice  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Akofa Marie-José Kogbéto  Coordonnatrice Nationale Projet Moyens de Subsistance Durables  Développement Durable et Croissance Inclusive  United Nations Development Programme  
Mr. Bodounrin Abdoul Rachid Chabi  Chargé de Mission  Unité Présidentielle de Suivi des Projets  Présidence de la République du Bénin  
Ms. Sedekon Florentin Pamela Adanzounnon  Ambassadrice d’eco-citoyennete  Les Tresseurs de Cordes  
Ms. Ishola Kenza Maria Ayina  Ambassadrice d’eco-citoyennete  Les Tresseurs de Cordes  
Mr. Edzromi Mawuse Hountondji Kodjo  Directeur Exécutif  Jeunes Volontaires pour l’Environnement  
  
Benin (continued) 
Mr. Amoussoun Marcel Toni  Expert Energies Renouvelables  Adaptation aux changements climatiques dans le secteur de l’énergie  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Clément Bill Akouèdénoudjè  Ingénieur Énergéticien/Point Focal Projet PANA Énergie  Énergie  Ministère de l’Énergie  
Mr. Séni Seidou  Personne Responsable des Marchés Publics du Ministère de l’Energie  Direction Générale de l’Energie  Ministère de l’Energie  
Mr. Codjo Bernadin Toto  Secrétaire Permanent  Plateforme Nationale des Organisations Paysannes et de Producteurs Agricole du Bénin  
Mr. Ernest Comlan Pedro  Secrétaire Permanent  Plateforme des Acteurs de la Société Civile au Bénin  
Mr. Mensah Gbedode Agbidinoukoun  Spécialiste Environnement d’Appui à la Diversification Agricole  Programme Cadre d’Appui à la Diversification Agricole  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de l’Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Sourou Malikiyou Awo  Chef Cellule Environnementale  Direction de la Programmation et de la Prospective  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de l’Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Bertin Adéossi  Coordonnateur National  Programme Cadre d’Appui à la Diversification Agricole  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de l’Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Dossa Aguemon  Directeur  Direction de la Programmation et de la Prospective  
Ministère de l’Agriculture, de l’Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Yemalin Appolinaire Tchoki  Journaliste  Office de Radio et de Télévision du Bénin  
Ms. Antoinette Sagbo  Journaliste  Environnement-Santé  Reporter Benin Monde  
Ms. Lacely Alessia Capo-Chichi  Ambassadrice d’eco-citoyennete  Les Tresseurs de Cordes  
Mr. Mickael Aime Morel Codjia  Ambassadeur d’eco-citoyennete  Les Tresseurs de Cordes  
Mr. Nadin Ange Tayéwo Kokode  Phlébologue/Urgentiste  Les Tresseurs de Cordes  
Mme Constance Irenee Yetonlognon Kpamegan Epouse Genevee  Chef de projets  Les Tresseurs de Cordes  
Mr. Abdou Razak Oba  Directeur du Camp de l’Enfant Citoyen  Lestresseursdecordes  
Mme Minakpon Georgette Gladys Djenontin  Point Focal Changement Climatique de l’ANCB  Association Nationale des Communes du Bénin  
Mr. Isidore Gnonlonfoun  Maire  Mairie de Cotonou  
Mr. Dossou Alfred Affokpé  Conseiller Municipal de la Ville de Cotonou  Littoral  Mairie de Cotonou  
Ms. Mahoussi Claire Hodonou  Conseillère Municipale de la Ville de Cotonou  Littoral  Mairie de Cotonou  
Mme Sèigbénan Danielle Ginette Aza-Gnandji épouse Nolitse  Secrétaire Générale Adjointe  Secrétariat Général  Mairie de Cotonou  
Mr. Kpadedji Lambert Ayitchehou  Directeur des Services Techniques de Cotonou  Mairie de Cotonou  
Mr. Maurille Firmin Biaou  Chef du Service des Activités opérationnelles du Système des Nations unies  Direction des Organisations internationales et du Maintien de la Paix  Ministère des affaires étrangères et de la coopération  
Mr. Comlan Médard Ouinakonhan  Point Focal Suppléant du Benin pour la CCNUCC, Chef du Service de l’Adaptation aux Changements Climatiques  Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Tokandé Raoul Hubert Ezin  Chargé de mission du Président de l’ANCB  Association Nationale des Communes du Bénin  
Mr. Elisabeth Sègbédji Tossou  Chargée de Programme Environnement  Développement Durable et Croissance Inclusive  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Zinsou Daniel Loconon  Coordonnateur National PANA Energie  Projet de Renforcement de la Résilience du Secteur de l’Énergie aux Impacts des Changements Climatiques  
Mr. Ignace Ouorou  Maire de la Commune de Copargo  Donga  Mairie de Copargo  
Ms. Séphora Céleste Iyalola Sènami Kokodé  Ambassadrice d’eco citoyenneté  Les Tresseurs de Cordes  
Ms. Anne Flore Zoe Trehorel  Ambassadrice d’eco-Citoyenneté  Les Tresseurs de Cordes  
  
Benin (continued) 
Mr. Basile Marius Gandonou  Chargé de Programme  Développement Durable et Croissance Inclusive  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Ms. Rebecca Armstrong épouse Lefèbvre  Dirigeante  #2050LePodcast  
Mr. Roger Antoine Tohoundjo  Directeur  Centre de Partenariat et d’Expertise pour le Développement Durable  Ministère du Plan et du Développement  
Mr. Mamadou Saliou Diallo  Directeur Général  Irokko  
Ms. Rosemarie Desmarais  Étudiante  Sciences Politiques  Association québécoise des organismes de coopération internationale  
Mr. Finagnon Hermann Candide Padonou  Chef Mission PLANERZOU  Mairie de Bohicon  
Mr. Abiboulaye Kolawolé Adissa Nonvidé  Titre Maire de la Commune d’Adja-Ouèrè  Plateau  Association Nationale des Communes du Bénin  
Ms. Mireize Eménique Alladatin  Assistante technique Eau Hygiène et Assainissement  Association Nationale des Communes du Bénin  
Mr. Ako Adignisso Romeo Gbaguidi  President  
Mr. Luis Fernando Robles Olmos  Ingénieur agronome  LIKEN  
Bhutan 
H.E. Mr. Yeshey Penjor  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Mr. Sonam Phuntsho Wangdi  Secretary  National Environment Commission  
Mr. Phento Tshering  Director  National Environment Commission  
Ms. Kunzang  Dy. Chief Legal Officer  Legal Services  National Environment Commission  
Mr. Jeremy Davis  Communication Coordinator  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Ms. Sonam Deki  Dy. Chief Program Officer  Department of Disaster Management  Ministry of Home and Cultural Affairs  
Mr. Manjeet Dhakal  Consultant  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Ugyen Dorji  Chief of Division  Department of Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sangay Dorji  Program Officer  Department of Local Governance  Ministry of Home and Cultural Affairs  
Mr. Pasang Dorji  Dy. Governor  Department of Local Governance  Ministry of Home and Cultural Affairs  
Mr. Tshewang Dorji  Consultant  Climate Analytics  
Ms. Elaine Marie Harty  Consultant  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Ms. Laura Penelope Jenks  Consultant  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Andrei Calin Marcu  Advisor  European Roundtable on Climate Change and Sustainable Transition  
Ms. Camilla Hilda More  Consultant  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Wangchuk Namgay  Chief Program Officer  Development Control Division  Gross National Happiness Commission  
Mr. Phuntsho Namgyal  Chief Engineer  National Center for Hydrology and Meteorology  
Mr. Fahad Saeed  Consultant  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Ms. Anna Hopper Schulz  Consultant  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Sonam Tashi  Chief Planning Officer  Policy and Planning Division  Ministry of Economics Affairs  
Mr. Tshering Tashi  Sr. Communication Officer  Climate Change Division  National Environment Commission  
Mr. Jigme Tenzin  Dy. Chief Forestry Officer  Department of Forests and Park Services  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Mr. Jigme Tenzin  Dy. Chief Horticulture Officer  Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Mr. Pema Thinley  LDC Support Team  
  
Bhutan (continued) 
Ms. Kesang Tshomo  Program Manager  Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Mr. Karma Sonam Tshosar  Minister Counsellor  Permanent Mission of the Kingdom of Bhutan to the United Nations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tashi Chuki Wangdi  LDC Support Team  
Ms. Tenzin Wangmo  Chief Environment Officer  Climate Change Division  National Environment Commission  
Ms. Choki Wangmo  Dy. Chief Environment Officer  National Environment Commission  
Ms. Deki Yangzom  Asst. Program Officer  Women Division  National Commission for Women and Children  
Ms. Sonam Zangmo  National Environment Commission  
Bolivia (Plurinational State of) 
S.E. Sra. María Elva Pinckert de Paz  Ministra  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Agua  
Mr. Carlos Rivadeneira Michel  Viceministro  Viceministro de Medio Ambiente, Biodiversidad, Cambios Climáticos Desarrollo y Gestión Forestal  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Agua  
Ms. María Katia Beltran Mansilla  Jefa de la Unidad de Comunicación Social  Gabinete Ministra  
Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Agua  
Bosnia and Herzegovina 
Mr. Mirza Hujic  Assistant Minister of Foreign Trade and Economic Relations 
Mr. Senad Oprasic  Head  Environmental Protection Department  Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Relations  
Ms. Danka Savic  
Mr. Goran Trbic  
Botswana 
H.E. Ms. Philda Kereng  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources Conservation and Tourism 
Mr. Oduetse Oldman Koboto  Deputy Permanant Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources Conservation and Tourism  
Ms. Dorcas Ntiki Masisi  Principal Meteorologist  Department of Meteorological Services  Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources Conservation and Tourism  
Mr. Balisi Justice Gopolang  Chief Meteorologist  Department of Meteorological Services  Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources Conservation and Tourism  
Mr. Thabang Leslie Botshoma  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Corporate Services  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Mr. Lesika Basalumi  
Ms. Onalenna Dube  Journalist  Radio  Duma FM  
Ms. Christina Maria Ender  Regional Climate Change Director  Africa Field Division  Conservation International  
Mr. Disikalala Gaseitsiwe  Ministry of Natural Resources, Environment and Tourism  
Ms. Sebego Morekiwa Khwae  Deputy Director  Primary Health Care Coordination  
Ms. Kudzani Batanani Koketso  
Mr. Douglas Machacha  Chief Agricultural Research Officer  Department of Agricultural Research  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Catherine Matongo  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Frank Molaletsi  Waste Management and Pollution Control  
Mr. Balekodi Mothofela  
Ms. Kulthoum Motsumi  Researcher  
Ms. Ketshepaone Ngidi  
Ms. Mary Ngwenya  
Ms. Serufo R. Ntsabane  Director  Rural Development Council  
Ms. Sebolokelo Usha Otsetswe  
Mr. Steve Mylon Modipa Pheko  Association of Local Authorities  
Mr. Joseph Sekgatsa  
Ms. Janet Selato  Principal Meteorologist  Department of Meteorological Services  Met Services  
Ms. Tracy Sonny  National Coordinator  Climate Change and Energy  Botswana Climate Change Network  
  
Botswana (continued) 
Ms. Cassandra L. Sosome  Legal Expert  Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources Conservation and Tourism  
Mr. Alfred James Wills  
Brazil 
H.E. Mr. Ricardo de A. Salles  Minister of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Bento Costa Lima Leite de Albuquerque Júnior  Minister of Mines and Energy  
Mr. José Vicente Santini  Vice-Minister Chief of Staff  Presidency of the Federative Republic of Brazil  
Mr. Fabio Mendes Marzano  Secretary for National Sovereignty and Citizenship  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Leonardo Cleaver de Athayde  Director  Department of Environment  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. David Samuel Alcolumbre Tobelem  President of the Senate  
Mr. Pompeu Andreucci Neto  Ambassador  Embassy of Brazil in Madrid, Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Marco Túlio Cabral  Head  Environment Division II  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Roberto Castelo Branco Coelho de Souza  Secretary of External Affairs  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Márcio Rojas da Cruz  Science and Technology Analyst  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Lucas Coelho Brandão  Cabinet Head  Federal Senate  
Mr. Fabiano Contarato  Senator  Federal Senate  
Mr. Luiz Osvaldo Pastore  Senator  Federal Senate  
Ms. Eliziane Pereira Gama Melo  Senator  
Mr. Randolph Frederich Rodrigues Alves  Senator  
Mr. Jaques Wagner  Senator  
Ms. Maria Betânia Almeida Medeiros  Federal Deputy  Congress of Brazil  
Ms. Joenia Batista de Carvalho  Federal Deputy  
Mr. Ederson Dal Molin  Federal Deputy  
Mr. Rodrigo Antônio de Agostinho Mendonça  Federal Deputy  
Mr. José Vitor de Rezende Aguiar  Federal Deputy  
Mr. Neri Geller  Federal Deputy  
Mr. Carlos Camilo Góes Capiberibe  Federal Deputy  Congress of Brazil  
Mr. Edilazio Gomes da Silva Júnior  Federal deputy  
Mr. Paulo Eduardo Maestri Bengston  Federal Deputy  
Ms. Vanda Denir Milani Nogueira  Federal Deputy  Congress of Brazil  
Mr. José Silva Soares  Federal Deputy  
Mr. Nilto Ignácio Tatto  Federal Deputy  Congress of Brazil  
Mr. Everton Vieira Vargas  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Adriano Silva Pucci  Second Class Minister  Brazilian Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Maurício Fernando Dias Fávero  Second Class Minister  Brazilian Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Alexandre Mendes Nina  Counselor  Brazilian Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Renato Domith Godinho  Head of Energy Promotion Division - DEN  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Carlos Ribeiro Santana  Counselor  Brazilian Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Felipe Rodrigues Gomes Ferreira  First Secretary  Brazilian Embassy in Buenos Aires  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Paulo Cezar Rotella Braga  First Secretary  Environment Division II  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Caio Flávio de Noronha e Raimundo  First Secretary  Brazilian Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Lucas Oliveira Barbosa Lima  Second Secretary  Brazilian Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Marllon Mello Abelha  Second Secretary  Brazilian Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Karina Carneiro Morais  Second Secretary  Brazilian Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Luiz de Andrade Filho  Second Secretary  Embassy of Brazil in India  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Gustavo Gerlach da Silva Ziemath  Third Secretary  Secretariat for National Sovereignty and Citizenship  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. João Soares Viana Neto  Third Secretary  Office of the Special Advisor on Federal and Congressional Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Marina Carrilho Soares  Third Secretary  Environment Division II  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Alexandre Ernesto Corrêa Sampaio  Brazil’s Naval and Aeronautical Attaché in Spain  Embassy of Brazil in Madrid  Brazilian Navy  
Ms. Mariana Marshall Parra  Third Secretary  Office of the Special Advisor on Federal and Congressional Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. José Carlos Martins da Cunha  Civil Attaché  Brazilian Embassy in Spain  
Mr. Sidney Almeida Filgueira de Medeiros  Federal Agricultural Auditor  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Mr. Gustavo Barbosa Mozzer  Researcher  Embrapa, Brazilian Agricultural Research Corporation  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Ms. Eleneide Doff Sotta  Researcher  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Ms. Fernanda Garcia Sampaio  Researcher  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Ms. Fernanda Vanessa Mascarenhas Magalhães  Coordinator  International Sustainability Negotiations  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Mr. Giampaolo Queiroz Pellegrino  Researcher  Brazilian Agricultural Research Corporation - Embrapa  
Ms. Valéria de Jesus Rodrigues Souza  Assistant to the Minister of Mines and Energy  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Mr. Paulo Roberto Soares Pacheco  Special Foreign Affairs Assistant  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Mr. Thiago Gil Barreto Barros  Director of Global Themes and Multilateral Organizations  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Gustavo José Batista de Amaral  Minister’s Advisor  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Adriana Brito da Silva  Environmental Analyst  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Rafael Brito Pereira  Environmental Analyst  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Alexandra Costa  Chief of Staff  Secretariat of External Affairs  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Marcelo Donnini Freire  Director of the Department of External Resources  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Marta Lisli Ribeiro de Morais Giannichi  General Coordinator for Native Vegetation Recovery and Combating Deforestation  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Eduardo Lunardelli Novaes  Special Advisor to the Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Hugo Mendes  General Coordinator  
Department of Environmental Economics and International Agreements  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Michelle Muniz  Director  Department of Environment and Latin America  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Nelcilândia Oliveira  Expert in Public Policy and Government Management  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Joaquim Alvaro Pereira Leite  Forest Department Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Adriano Santhiago de Oliveira  Director  Department of Environmental Economics and International Agreements  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Danielly Godiva Santana Molleta  Technical Advisor  
Ms. Sonia Regina Mudrovitsch de Bittencourt  Science and Technology Analyst  Ministry of Science, Technology, Innovation and Communication  
Ms. Andréa Nascimento de Araújo  Science and Technology Analyst  Ministry of Science, Technology, Innovation and Communication  
Mr. Régis Rathmann  Technical advisor  
Ms. Lidiane Rocha de Oliveira Melo  Technology Analyst  Ministry of Science, Technology, Innovation and Communication  
Ms. Marcela Cristina Rosas Aboim Raposo  Technology Analyst  Ministry of Science, Technology, Innovation and Communication  
Mr. Marcelo Theoto Rocha  Advisor  
  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Bruno Batista Rodrigues Pereira  Analyst  Institutional Security Cabinet  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Adriano de Souza Azevedo  Assistant  Institutional Security Cabinet of the Presidency of the Republic  
Ms. Lília de Souza Magalhães  Analyst  Institutional Security Cabinet  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Marcelo Donnabella Bastos Elias  Analyst  Institutional Security Cabinet  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Pedro Nascimento Silveira  Analyst  Institutional Security Cabinet  Presidency of the Republic  
Ms. Raquel Breda dos Santos  Development Financing Policy and Funds Coordinator  Ministry of the Economy  
Mr. João Carlos Oliveira da Silva  Secretary of Environment  State of Bahia  
Mr. Eduardo Farias Topázio  Water Director  Institute for the Environment and Water Resources  State of Bahia  
Ms. Márcia Cristina Telles de Araújo Lima  General Director of the Institute for the Environment and Water Resources  State of Bahia  
Mr. Antonio Fernando Cruz de Mello  Ambassador/Coordinator of External Affairs  City of Rio de Janeiro  
Mr. Bruno Ricardo Castro Lacerda  Assistant Secretary  Human Development Index  State of Maranhão  
Mr. Francisco Gonçalves da Conceição  
Secretary of Human Rights and Participation  State of Maranhão  
Ms. Rosario de Fatima Chaves  Mayor  City of Cururupu  
Mr. José Mauro de Lima O’ de Almeida  Secretary of Environment and Sustainability  State of Pará  
Ms. Vera Lúcia Alves de Oliveira  Assistant Secretary of Communication  Secretariat of Communication of the Brazilian State of Pará  
Mr.  Paulo Pombo Tocantins  Mayor  City of Paragominas  
Mr.  Raul Protázio Romão  Assistant Secretary of Water Resources and Climate  State of Pará  
Mr. Helder Zahluth Barbalho  Governor of Pará  
Ms. Gabriela Redona Chiste  Executive Secretary  Secretariat of Agriculture and Food Supply  State of São Paulo  
Mr. Luiz Álvaro Salles de Aguiar Menezes  Secretary of External Affairs  City of São Paulo  
Mr. Benedito Braga  CEO  São Paulo’s State Basic Sanitation Company  
Mr. Afonso Emílio de Alencastro Massot  Executive Secretary of External Affairs/Ambassador  State of São Paulo  
Mr. Oswaldo dos Santos Lucon  Climate Change Advisor  Secretariat for Infrastructure and Environment  
Ms. Patrícia Iglecias  President  Environmental Company of the State of São Paulo  
Mr. Márcio Rea  Administrative Director of São 
Paulo’s Water and Energy Company  Company of Water and Energy - São Paulo Government  
Mr. Marcos Rodrigues Penido  Secretary  Secretariat for Infrastructure and Environment  
Ms. Caroline Santos  Chief of President’s Office  Environmental Company of the State of São Paulo  
Ms. Josilene Ticianelli Vannuzini Ferrer  President’s Advisor  Environmental Company of the State of São Paulo  
Mr. Noraldino Lucio Dias Junior  State Deputy  State of Minas Gerais  
Mr. Sergio Gusmao Suchodolski  Director President  Development Bank of the Brazilian State of Minas Gerais  
Mr. Leonardo Lelis Leão  Superintendent  Development Bank of the Brazilian State of Minas Gerais  
Mr. Germano Luiz Gomes Vieira  Secretary of Environment and Sustainable Development  State of Minas Gerais  
Mr. Alex Sandro Antonio Marega  Executive Secretary of Environment  State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Ulysses Lacerda Moraes  State deputy  State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Mauren Lazzaretti  Secretary of Environment  State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Aluízio Leite Paredes  Representative of the Legislative Assembly Thematic Chamber  Legislative Assembly of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. José Antônio Bertotti Junior  Secretary of Environment  State of Pernambuco  
  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Geraldo Julio de Mello Filho  Mayor  City of Recife  
Ms. Débora Luzinete de Almeida Severo  Mayor  City of São Bento do Uno  
Mr. Kelps de Oliveira Lima  State deputy  State of Rio Grande do Norte  
Mr. Melchior Naelson Batista da Silva  State deputy  State of Paraíba  
Mr. Carlos Eduardo Bessa de Sá  State deputy  State of Amazonas  
Mr. Eduardo Costa Taveira  Secretary of Environment  State of Amazonas  
Mr. Adriano Mendonça Ponte  State Secretary for Federative and International Relations  State of Amazonas  
Mr. Wilson Miranda Lima  Govenor of Amazonas  
Mr. Luiz Henrique Piva  Secretary of Environment  State of Amazonas  
Mr. Gladson de Lima Cameli  Governor of Acre  
Ms. Fernanda de Souza Hassem Cezar  Mayor  City of Brasileia  
Mr. Geraldo Israel Milani de Nogueira  Secretary of Environment  State of Acre  
Ms. Iraci Magalhães Messias Coelho  Assistant to the Governor  Governor’s Office  State of Acre  
Ms. Silvania Maria Pinheiro da Silva Diniz  Secretary of Communication  State of Acre  
Mr. José Ribamar Trindade de Oliveira  
Secretary  Executive Office  State of Acre  
Mr. Elias Rezende de Oliveira  State Secretary for Environmental Development.  State of Rondônia  
Mr. Renato Jayme da Silva  Secretary of Environment and Water Resources  State of Tocantins  
Mr. Ricardo Ayres de Carvalho  State deputy  State of Tocantins  
Mr. Olyntho Garcia de Oliveira Neto  State deputy  State of Tocantins  
Ms. Cláudia Telles Menezes Pires M Lelis  State Deputy  State of Tocantins  
Mr. Emerson Carlos Baú  Secretary of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  State of Roraima  
Ms. Maria Teresa Saenz Surita Guimarães  Mayor  City of Boa Vista  
Mr. Ionilson Sampaio de Souza   Interim President  Foundation of Environment and Water Resources  State of Roraima  
Mr. Robério Aleixo Anselmo Nobre  Secretary of Environment  State of Amapa  
Mr. Eduardo Correa Tavares  Secretary  Urban Planning  State of Amapa  
Mr. Gilberto Ubaiara Rodrigues  Secretary  Secretariat of Communication  State of Amapa  
Mr. Clécio Luis Vilhena Vieira  Mayor  City of Macapá  
Mr. Antonio Waldez Goes da Silva  Governor of Amapá  State of Amapa  
Ms. Monica Messenberg Guimarães  Director of External Affairs  Brazilian National Confederation of Industry  
Mr. Fábio Nogueira de Avelar Marques  Brazilian expert to the Steering Committee for the 4th IMO GHG Study  
Mr. João Francisco Adrien Fernandes  Executive Director  Brasilian Rural Society  
Ms. Zuleica Jacira Aires Moura  Executive Secretary of the Legal Amazon Consortium  
Ms. Angela Albernaz Skaf  Manager of the Amazon Fund’s Management Department  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Ms. Silvana Bernardini Cury Morello  Deputy Coordinator  Brazilian Forum on Climate Change  
Mr. Davi Bontempo  Executive Director of Environment and Sustainability  Brazilian National Confederation of Industry  
Mr. Inacio Cavalcante Melo Neto  Senator Eliziane Gama’s husband  
Mr. Julio Costa Leite  Superintendent of the Public and Social Environmental Management Area  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Mr. José Domingos Miguez  Advisor  
Mr. Petrônio Duarte Cançado  Director  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Raphael Duarte Stein  Manager at the Amazon Fund Department of Environment and Management  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Ms. Luciene Ferreira Monteiro Machado   Manager  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Mr. Jorge Hargrave Goncalves da Silva  Researcher  Institute of Applied Economic Research  
Mr. Amable Gonzéles Lópes  Photographer  
Mr. Luiz Felipe Kraemer Carbonell  Coordination Director  Itaipu Binacional  
Mr. Mateus Moraes Tavares  Technical advisor  Brazilian National Rural Learning Service  
Mr. Nabil Moura Kadri  Head of the Amazon Fund Department of Environment and Management  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Mr. Lincoln Muniz Alves  Researcher  National Institute for Space Research  
Brunei Darussalam 
H.E. Ms. Malai Halimah Malai Yussof  Ambassador of Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Brunei Darussalam to Republic of France  Embassy of Brunei Darussalam in Paris, France  
Mr. Mohammad Izzannudin Haji Bujang  Agriculture Officer  Department of Agriculture and Agrifood  
Ministry of Primary Resources and Tourism  
Ms. Sufina Raihani Haji Mohd Salleh  Special Duties Officer  Brunei Climate Change Secretariat  Ministry of Development  
Ms. Dk Nor Zaidah Hayati Pg Hj Shahminan  Second Secretary  Embassy of Brunei Darussalam in Paris, France  
Ms. Noor Dina Zharina Yahya  Head  Brunei Climate Change Secretariat  Ministry of Develpoment  
Bulgaria 
H.E. Mr. Boyko Borissov  Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Ivan Kondov  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Bulgaria in the Kingdom of Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Boryana Papazcheva-Kamenova  Director  Climate Change Policy Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Atanaska Nikolova  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Denica Zheleva  Head of the Prime Minister’s Political Cabinet  Prime Minister’s Political Cabinet  Council of Ministers of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Ms. Sevdelina Arnaudova-Dimitrova  Adviser of the Prime Minister  Council of Ministers  
Ms. Mariella Kuchukova  Director Government Protocol Directorate  Government Protocol Directorate  Council of Ministers  
Ms. Nelly Yakimova  Interpreter  
Mr. Nikolay Nikolov  Official Photographer  
Ms. Violina Petkova  Counsellor  Embassy of the Republic of Bulgaria in the Kingdom of Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Detelina Petrova  State Expert  Implementation of EU Climate Change Policy  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Dafinka Prokopova  Expert  UN and ODA Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Desislava Vaseva  State Expert  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Burkina Faso 
S.E. M. Batio Bassiere  Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Économie verte et du Changement Climatique  
Mr. Mihyemba Louis Armand Ouali  Conseiller Spécial du Président du Faso  Présidence du Faso  
Mme Workya Rouamba  Member of Parliament  Union Africaine  
Mr. Justin Goungounga  Secrétaire Permanent du Conseil National pour le Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
M. Pouahoulabou Joel Awouhidia Korahire  Directeur de la Coordination des Conventions Internationales  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Secretariat Permanent du Conseil National pour le Développement Durable   
Burkina Faso (continued) 
M. Do Etienne Traore  National UNFCCC Focal Point  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Secretariat Permanent du Conseil National pour le Développement Durable  
S.E. Mme Abzeita Djigma  Chair of the H.R.H. Princess Abze Djigma Foundation  H.r.h. Princess Abze Djigma Foundation  
Mr. Sibidou Sina  Secrétaire Général  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et Changement Climatique  
H.E. Mr. Moussa Zerbo  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Pamoussa Ouedraogo  Directeur Général de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
H.E. Mr. Désiré Traoré  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Amidou Zagré  Directeur de Cabinet  Ministère de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Issaka Ouedraogo  Autorité Nationale Désignée du Fonds Vert pour le Climat  Premier Ministère  
Mr. Félix Yamba Soudré  Assistant parlementaire  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Moustapha Congo  Secrétaire Permanent de la Gestion Intégrée des Ressources en eau  Ministere de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Ansanekoun Desire Some  Secrétaire Permanent en charge de la gestion des Crises et Vulnérabilités en Elevage  
Ministère des Ressources Animales  
Mr. Maxime Somda  Conseiller Technique  Ministère de L’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Nebnoma Alain Combassere  Ministère Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Secretariat Permanent du Conseil National pour le Développement Durable  
Mr. Mamadou Honadia  Expert en Changement Climatique et Négociateur Climat  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et Changement Climatique  
Mr. Kouka Ernest Ouedraogo  Directeur Général de l’Agence Nationale de la Météorologie  Ministère des Transports, de la Mobilité Urbaine et de la Sécurité Routière  Direction de la Météorologie Nationale  
Ms. Mominata Compaore  Juriste, Droit et Politiques de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
Mr. Kouka Ouedraogo  Chargé de programme service changement climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
Mr. Ambroise Bazié  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Économie verte et du Changement climatique  
Mr. Sayouba Bonkoungou  President  Association APEDR  
Mme Hortence Evelyne Yelemou  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
Mme Patigdèba Corinne Alida Kabre  doctorante  Commission Mondiale du Droit de 
l’Environnement de l’UICN section Burkina Faso  
Mr. Christopher Campbell Durufle  Expert  University of Toronto  Center for International Sustainable Development Law  
Mr. Abdoulaye Karama  Chargé de Programmes  SOS Sahel International  
Mr. Pierre Omer Ouindtoin Ouedraogo  Chargé de Programmes  Secrétariat Permanent des ONG  
Mme Lynda Christelle K’Habore  
Mr. Koudtanga Jean Marie Sourwema  Directeur Général du Fonds d’Intervention pour l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Fonds d’Intervention pour l’Environnement  
Mr. Boureima Tamboura  Protocole du Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
Mr. Kanre Honoré Passere  Inspecteur du Trésor  Ministère de l’Economie, des Finances et du Développement  Direction Générale de la Coopération  
Mme Adama Fatimata Sonia Audrey Bande  Juriste Environnementaliste  Autorité du Bassin de la Volta  
Mme Saoudata Walet Aboubacrine  Secrétaire Générale de l’Association Tin Hinane  Coalition des Organisations de la Société Civile sur le Changement Climatique  Association Tin Hinane  
Mr. Arouna Dolobzanga  Environnementaliste  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
  
Burkina Faso (continued) 
Mr. Mamadou Batiene  Point Focal REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Programme d’Investissement Forestier  
Mr. Georges Geoffroy Kuate Kuate  Cadre d’Appui  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Programme d’Investissement Forestier  
Mr. Thierry Rolland Nongebzanga Ouedraogo  Expert en Communication  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Programme d’Investissement Forestier  
Mme Mouniratou Kere Sanfo  Journaliste  Ministère de la Communication et des Relations avec le Parlement  Radiodiffusion Télévision du Burkina  
Mr. Pawanderogo Zongo  cadreur  Ministère de la communication et des relations avec le Parlement  Radiodiffusion Télévision du Burkina  
Mr. Oumarou Boureima Cisse  Administrateur CA/FIE  Association Nodde Nooto  
Mr. Zarafilou Zoromé  Coordination Nationale des Jeunes pour l’Environnement et le Climat  
Mr. Bachirou Soré  
Mme Mwinfaon Assumpta Rose Dabiré  Chargée d’Affaires Finance Inclusive  Coris Bank Internationale  
Mr. Namwinbele Modeste Somé  Responsable du département de l’organisation et des projets  Coris Bank International  
Mr. Idrissa Zeba  President du Conseil d’Administration de la Plateforme nationale des OSCs sur la REDD+ et le Développement Durable  Fondation Naturama  
Ms. Yelmiensor Bouhir Eliane Somé  Journaliste  Ministère de la Communication et des Relations avec le Parlement  Direction Générale des Editions Sidwaya  
Mr. Alain Traoré  Expert  TenForest  
Mme Victorine Zongo  Journaliste  Radio Savane FM  
Mr. Antonius Petrus Maria Martens  General Manager  H.R.H. Princess Abze Djigma Foundation  
Mr. Nebila Jérémie Nagalo  Directeur Régional de l’Environnement de l’économie verte et du changement climatique  Ministère de l’environnement de l’économie verte et du changement climatique  
Mr. Asselira Bantira  Chef de service Administratif et Finacier  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
Mr. Winyermai Célestin Poda  Chargé de Programme Gestion Durable des Terres et Changement Climatique Bureau du PNUD  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Daouda Badini  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
Mr. Saidou Lamine Ouedraogo  
Burundi 
Mr. Ndorimana Emmanuel  Permanent Secretary  
Ministry of Environment and Livestock 
Mr. Augustin Ngenzirabona  Director General  Environment  Geographic Institute of Burundi  
Mr. Epimeny Nibizi  Director of Environment Department  Burundi Office of Environment  
Mr. Nshimirimana Donat  Advisor  Environment office  Presidence Burundi  
Mr. Vital Bambanze  Director  Unissons-nous pour la promotion des Batwa  
Mr. Alexis Nimubona  Coordinateur National du Projet Gestion Communautaire des Risques et Catastrophes dues aux Changements Climatiques  Project GCRCCCBu  Institut Géographique du Burundi  
Mr. Jean Claude Mbarushimana  Director General of Agriculture  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Livestock  
Mr. Jérémie Nkinahatemba  Director General  Water Ressources and Sanitation  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Livestock  
Mr. Guillaume Sibomana  Climate Change Advisor  Agriculture  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Livestock  
M. Antoine Ntemako  Director General of Disaster Risk Managment  Minister of Security  PFNRRCC  
Mr. Anicet Nibaruta  Directeur Général Adjoint  Ministère de la Sécurité  PFNRRCC  
  
Burundi (continued) 
H.E. Mr. Jean Marie Nibirantije  Director Executif  Lake Tanganyika Authority  Ministry of Water, Environment, Agriculture and Livestock  
Mr. Gabriel Hakizimana  Environment Director of Lake Tanganyika Authorty  Lake Tanganyika Autority  Ministry of Water, Environment, Agriculture and Livestock  
Ms. Marie-Ange Kigeme  Member of Personnal  Climate Risk  United Nations Development Programme  
Ms. Renilde Ndayishimiye  Institut des Sciences Agronomiques du Burundi  Agriculture  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Livestock  
Ms. Rebecca Rivuzimana  Communication  Agriculture  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Livestock  
Cabo Verde 
Mr. Alexandre Dias Monteiro  Minister  Ministério da Industria Comercio e Energia  
Ms. Franco Fernandes Dias Ana Sofia  Controller  Get2C  
Ms. Adriana Andrade de Sousa Rocha  Consultor  Get2C  
Ms. Lopes Maio Beatriz  Analista Senior  Get2C  
Mr. Ricardo Carrilho  Get2C  
Mr. Ariel Cruz Assunção  Diretor Serviço da Indústria Comércio e Energia  Ministerio Industria Comercio e Energia  
Mr. João Ilídio Da Cruz Tavares  Director de Serviço Planeamento Estratégico  Ministério Finanças  
Mr. Francisco da Veiga Correia  Focal Point IPCC  National Institute of Meteorology and Geophysics  
Mr. Rito Evora  Director Nacional Industria Comercio e Energia  Ministerio Industria Comercio e Energia  
Mr. Ruben Vicente Fonseca Baptista  Consultor  Get2C  
Ms. Nandy Manata Fontes Lima  Sustainability consultant, Environmental Comunicator, Designer  Movimento Eco-Feminismo  
Mr. Eduardo Jorge Lima Barros Silva  Director Serviço  Ministerio Negocio Estrangeiro  
Ms. Ferreira de Paiva e Pona de Mesquita Madalena  Office Manager  Get2C  
Ms. Picado Horta Alves Ramos Maria João  Comunicação  Get2C  
Mr. Alexandre Nevsky Medina Rodrigues  Director Nacional Ambiente  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ambiente  
Ms. Maria Socorro Mendes De Andrade Rodrigues de M. Cruz  Conselheira da Embaixada Espanha  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros  
Mr. Gomes Galinha Miguel  Consultor  Get2C  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Moniz  Director of Service  Institute of Meteorology and Geophysic  Ministry of Environment, Rural Development and Sea Resources  
Ms. Maria Isabel Monteiro  Diplomata  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros  
Mr. Manuel Ney Monteiro Cardoso Júnior  Embaixador  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros  
Ms. Sónia Maria Morais  Office Manager  Get2C  
Ms. Ludmila Sofia Oliveira Varela  Educadora Ambiente  SYAH CV  
Mr. António Palazuelos Prieto  SYAH  Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations  
Ms. Ana Paula Pires Martins Penha  Consultor  Get2C  
Ms. Susana Maria Quinteiro Marques de Carvalho  Consultor  Get2C  
Ms. Ana Carla Ramos da Silva Gonçalves  Ecóloga PHD  SYAH CV  
Ms. Maria de Fátima Ramos Rocha de Barros  Direcção Nacional do Planeamento  Ministério Finanças  
Ms. Mariana Santo Medeiros Sardinha  Analista  Get2C  
Ms. Morais Pinela Sara Isabel  Consultora  Get2C  
Ms. Helen Deise Sequeira Barbosa  Biologa Ambiental  SYAH CV  
  
Cabo Verde (continued) 
Ms. Monica Sofia Vieira Rodrigues  Promotora e Coordenadora Geral  Movimento Eco-Feminismo  
Mr. Erik Tristan Woodward  Estagiario  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros  
Cambodia 
H.E. Mr. Say Samal  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Tin Ponlok  Secretary General  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
H.E. Mr. Sam Ang Chea  Under Secretary of State  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Monyneath Vann  Deputy Secretary General  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
H.E. Ms. Somaly Chan  Deputy Secretary General  General Secretariat for National Council for Sustainable Development  
H.E. Mr. Vibol Mao  Adviser of the Ministry  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Sovuthy Pheav  Deputy Secretary General  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Thy Sum  Director  Department of Climate Change  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Chan Thoeun Heng  Deputy Director  Department of Climate Change  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Meng Eang Taing  Director  Department of Green Economy  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
Ms. Reasey Phoeuk  Deputy Head of Office  Department of Climate Change  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Kamal Uy  Deputy Director  Inspection and Law Enforcement  General Department of Administration for Nature Conservation and Protection, Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Leng Chivin  Director  Geographic Information Systems  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Paris Chuop  Director General  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Nong Kim  Deputy Director General  General Directorate of Administration for Nature Conservation and Protection  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Naborey Hout  Chief of Office  Department of Inspection and Law Enforcement  General Department of Administration for Nature Conservation and Protection, Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Saret Khorn  Deputy Director General  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Kimthourn Hok  Deputy Director  Department of Planning and Statistics  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Sopheak Phan  Deputy Director  United Nations Department  
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Sotha Meang  Deputy Director  Ministry of Land Management, Urban Planning and Construction  
Mr. Piseth Som  Deputy Director  International Cooperation  Ministry of Women Affairs  
Mr. Mao Hak  Director  Science and Technology  General Secretariat of National Council for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Sunsopheak Sorn  Deputy Director, Program Management and Support Division  National Committee for Sub-national Democratic Development Secretariat  
Cameroon 
Mr. Témothée Kagonbé  Sous-Directeur du Monitoring Ecologique et Suivi du Climat  Direction de la Conservation et de la Gestion des Ressources Naturelles  Ministère de l’Environnement de la Protection de la Nature et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Ndo Minla’a Solomon Ricahrd  Diplomate  Ambassade du Cameroun à Madrid  
Mr. Philippe Camille Akoa  DG Feicom  Feicom  
Mr. Joseph Armathe Amougou  General Director  National Observatory on Climate Change  
Ms. Line Renee Anaba epse Batongue  Journaliste  Communication  Cameroon Radio Television  
  
Cameroon (continued) 
Mr. Augustin Corin Bitchick bi Bitchick  S/head of Unit  Programme National de Developpement Participatif  Programme National de Developpement Participatif  
Mr. Alphonse Boyogueno  Head of Unit  Programme National de Developpement Participatif  
Mr. Tasong Tendongue Chopdung  Diplomate  Ambassade Cameroun en Espagne  
Ms. Teguem Christelle Nadège  
Mr. Kamgiue Kamtcheu Dieudonné  
Mr. Michel Djatsana  Ingénieur Agroforestier  Commission des Forêts d’Afrique Centrale  
Mr. Nkam Emmanuel Félix  Cadre de Jeunesse  
Mr. Louis Roger Essola Etoa  REPARC Facilitator  Central Africa Parliamentarian Network for Disaster Resilience  
Mr. Nkami Kwetchoua Georges  Responsable Socio Environnement  Programme National de Développement Participatif  Ministère de L’Economie, de la Planification et de L’Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Ondoua Hervé Patrice  Monteur  Cameroon Radio Television  
Mr. Ngantcheu Hydrice Martial  
Mr. Koe Jr Jean Patrice  
Mr. Gounes Tougoulou John  Inspecteur  Inspection Générale  Ministère de l’Environnement, de la Protection de la Nature et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Jean Avit Kongape  Chagé de Mission  Prime Minister Office  Ministère des Fôrets et de la Faune  
Ms. Beltre Florian Mallely  Interprète  African Parliament  
Ms. Nga Marie Madeleine  Coordinnateur National PNDP  Ministère de L’Economie, de la Planification et de L’Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Kegne Epse Kamga Marie Thérèse  
Ms. Clorine Fumbingula Mokom  Chef service suivi du climat  sous-direction du monitoring écologique et suivi du climat  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Développement Durable et de la Protection de la Nature  
Mr. Jules Maxime Nguemadji Moussa  Monitoring  Sous Direction  Ministère de L’Environnement de la Protection de La Nature et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Roger Nkodo Dang  President  African Union Parliament  
Ms. Florantine Mapeine Onotiang  Expert Juriste  Commission des Forêts d’Afrique Centrale  
Mr. Baiz Villafranca Pedro Miguel  
Mr. Nguibourg King Richard Hyacinthe  Ingénieur des eaux et forêts  Ministère des Fôrets et de la Faune  
Mr. Zo’obo Belinga Severin  Cadre de banque  
Mr. Etogo Akpe Steve Roland  
Mr. Naah Ondoua Sylvestre  Membre du Bureau du Sénat  Senat  
Ms. Hanglog Thérèse Christiane  Diplomate  Ambassade du Cameroun à Madrid  
Canada 
H.E. Mr. Jonathan Wilkinson  Minister of Environment and Climate Change  Government of Canada  
Ms. Thelma Christine Hogan  Deputy Minister  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Catherine Anne Stewart  Chief Negotiator  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Elias Abourizk  Negotiations Manager  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Kevin Mead  Legal Advisor  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Laurence Ahoussou  Negotiator - Transparency  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Catherine Abreu  Executive Director  Climate Action Network Canada  
Ms. Kluane Adamek  Regional Chief  Yukon  Assembly of First Nations  
Mr. Santiago Alba-Corral  Interim Director  Agriculture and Environment Program  International Development Research Centre  
Mr. Isaac Apter  Director of Policy, Office of the Minister  Ontario Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
Ms. Elizabeth Winnifred Norris Atkinson  Senior Policy Manager  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
  
Canada (continued) 
Mme Claude Audet-Robitaille  Cheffe d’équipe- Climat et développement durable  Ministère des Relations internationales et de la Francophonie  Gouvernement du Québec  
Ms. Lindsey Bacigal  Youth Delegate  Pauktuutit Inuit Women of Canada  
Ms. Laura Ballesteros  Cultural Officer  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada  
Mr. Nicholas Barber  Senior Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Gregoire Albert Baribeau  Senior Economic Advisor  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
M. Martin Beaudoin-Nadeau  CEO  Viridis Terra  
M. Léopold Beaulieu  Président-directeur général  Fondaction  
M. André Beaulieu Blanchette  Président  Développement Solugen Inc.  
Ms. Ana Berbés  Assistant  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Mr. Jeffrey Blackmer  Vice-President  International Health  Canadian Medical Association  
Ms. Ta’Kaiya Blaney  Youth Delegate  Indigenous Climate Action  
Ms. Catherine Bloodworth  Legal Officer  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Mme Wendy Bontinen  Manager, Communications  
Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mme Geneviève Brisson  Directrice principale, Affaires gouvernementales mondiales  ÉNERKEM  
Mr. David M. Brock  Assistant Deputy Minister  Climate Change and Adaptation Division  Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Caroline Brouillette  Equiterre  
Mr. Geoffrey Brouwer  Negotiator - Transparency  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Jodi Browne  Senior Policy Advisor  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Elizabeth Bush  Negotiator - Climate Science  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Kenzie Caldwell  Executive Assistant to the Minister  Conservation and Climate  Government of Canada  
Mr. Thomas Cameron  Negotiator-Indigenous Engagement  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Renée Carpentier Proulx  A/Director  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. John Cartwright  President  Toronto and York Region Labour Council  
Ms. Lydia Cavasin  Negotiator - Climate Finance  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Melissa Celsie  Team Lead, Public Education and Events, Communications Branch  Ontario Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
M. Benoit Charette  Ministre  Environnement et Changement Climatique  Gouvernement du Québec  
Ms. Jennie Chen  Director, Bilateral Affairs Division - Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Maria Chiarella  Youth Delegate  United Nations Association in Canada  
Mr. Andrew Chisholm  
Ms. Lorraine Choquette  Press Officer  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Mr. Dean Clark  President and CEO  GreenWave Innovations Inc.  
Ms. Laurel Collins  Member of Parliament for Victoria  
Mme Leïla Copti  Présidente  COPTICOM  
M. Claude Côté  Conseiller  Environnement et changement climatique  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Marie Cotton-Montpetit  Députée  Assemblée Nationale du Québec  
Mr. Erich Cripton  Principal Advisor to the Permanent Representative  Permanent Mission of Canada to the UN  Government of Canada  
  
Canada (continued) 
Mr. Ashton Cunje  Lead Negotiator for Canada’s Greenhouse Gas Inventory  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Roger Dall’Antonia  President and CEO  FortisBC  
Ms. Sadie DeCoste  Negotiations Manager  Multilateral Affairs Division, BCCIC Climate Change  British Columbia Council for International Cooperation  
M. Hugo Delaney  Chef de cabinet  Environnement et Changement Climatique  Gouvernement du Québec  
Ms. Eriel Deranger  Executive Director  Indigenous Climate Action  
Mme Dominique Deschênes  Directrice générale des opérations et de l’innovation  Transition énergétique Québec  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Isabelle Dessureault  Chef de poste  Ministère des Relations internationales et de la Francophonie  Bureau du Québec à Barcelone  
Mme Johanne Dion  Conseillère Protocole et logistique  Ministère des Relations internationales et de la Francophonie  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Olivia Dion  Conseillère en affaires internationales  Ministère de l’Économie et de l’Innovation  Gouvernement du Québec  
Ms. Maude Dufort-Labbé  Negotiator-Gender  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Marie-Claire Dumont  Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Office of the Ambassador for Climate Change  
Ms. Kerry-Lynne Findlay  Member of Parliament for South Surrey-White Rock  Conservative Party of Canada  
Mr. Charles Fleury  National Secretary-Treasurer  Canadian Union of Public Employees  
Ms. Virginia Flood  Vice President  Government Relations  Suncor Energy Inc.  
Mme Marie-Noëlle Foschini  Conseillère politique  Assemblée Nationale du Québec  
Mme Michèle Fournier  Conseillère senior  Environnement et changement climatique  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mr. Gregory Dale Friesen  Vice President  Strategic Initiatives, Government Relations and Sustainability  ATCO Ltd.  
Ms. Patricia Fuller  Ambassador for Climate Change  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
M. Karolyne Gagnon  Vice-présidente – Travail et affaire juridiques  Conseil du Patronat du Québec Inc.  
M. Sylvain Gaudreault  Député  Assemblée Nationale du Québec  
Ms. Judith Gelbman  Counsellor - Agriculture, Fisheries and Environment  Embassy of Canada to the EU  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Mme Johanne Gélinas  Présidente-directrice générale  Transition énergétique Québec  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Rhuba Ghazal  Députée  Assemblée Nationale du Québec  
Ms. Nicole Giles  Director General  Finance Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Robert Giroux  Senior Technical Support  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Daniel Charles Goldberg  Senior Public Affairs Advisor  Communications and Public Affairs  International Development Research Centre  
Mr. William Goodon  Minister of Housing and Property Management  Manitoba Metis Federation  Metis National Council  
Ms. Lynne Groulx  Chief Executive Officer  The Native Women’s Association of Canada  
M. Louis Guay  Chef de la durabilité  Viridis Terra  
Ms. Sarah Guillemard  Minister  Conservation and Climate  Government of Manitoba  
Mr. Ryan Newton Haughton  United Nations Association in Canada  
Mr. Jeremy Hewitt  Assistant Deputy Minister  Climate Action Secretariat, Ministry of Environment and Climate Change Strategy  Government of British Columbia  
Mr. George Heyman  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change Strategy  Government of British Columbia  
  
Canada (continued) 
Mr. Jason Hollett  Executive Director  Nova Scotia Environment  Province of Nova Scotia  
Mr. Christian Holz  Executive Director  General  Climate Equity Reference Project Canada   
Ms. Orly Jacob  Manager  Energy Sector  Natural Resources Canada  
Mr. Rob James  Director, Business Development, Cleantech and Renewable Energy  Canadian Commercial Corporation  
Mr. Curtis Jenken  Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Naomi Johnson  Senior Policy Advisor  Canadian Foodgrains Bank Association Inc.  
Ms. Mollie Johnson  Assistant Deputy Minister, Low Carbon Energy Sector  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Julian Kanigan  Director  Environment and Natural Resources  Government of the Northwest Territories  
Ms. Karen Kennedy  Trade Counsellor  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Mr. John Kidder  Office of Elizabeth May, O.C., M.P. Saanich - Gulf Islands | Bureau de Circonscription, Elizabeth May, Députée Saanich - Gulf Island  Green Party of Canada  
Ms. Sabrina Kim  Environment and Climate Change 
Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Lisa Koperqualuk  Vice President  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
Mr. Martin Lajoie  Negotiator - Markets  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
M. Julien Lampron  Directeur des Affaires publiques  Fondaction  
M. Pierre Langlois  Président  Econoler  
Mme Julie Larocque  Chargée de projets  LOJIQ – Les Offices jeunesse internationaux du Québec  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Hélène Lauzon  Présidente-directrice générale  Conseil patronal de l’environnement du Québec  
M. Denis Leclerc  Président et chef de la direction  AD713349  Écotech Québec  
M. Jean Lemire  Émissaire aux changements climatiques et aux enjeux nordiques et arctiques  Ministère des Relations internationales et de la Francophonie  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mr. Matthew Levin  Ambassador  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Ms. Alexa Lewis  Member’s Assistant | Adjointe de députée  Office of Elizabeth May, O.C., M.P. Saanich - Gulf Islands | Bureau de Circonscription, Elizabeth May, Députée Saanich - Gulf Island  Green Party of Canada  
Ms. Jocelyn M. Lubczuk  Special Assistant  Office of the Minister of 
Environment and Climate Change  Environment and Climate Change Canada  
Ms. Joanna MacDonald  Climate Change and Health Officer  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
Mr. Dale Marshall  Environmental Defence Canada Inc.  
Mr. Luis Miguel Matamoros  Driver  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Ms. Elizabeth May  Member of Parliament  House of Commons  Green Party of Canada  
Mr. Shaughn McArthur  Policy and Influence Lead  CARE Canada  
Mr. David McLaughlin  Technical Advisor  Expert Advisory Council  Government of Manitoba  
Mr. Andrew McMaster  Assistant Director, Global and Northern Affairs  Department of Fisheries and Oceans  Government of Canada  
Mr. Joël Monfils  Counsellor  Embassy of Canada to Portugal  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Ms. Jacqueline Sue Moore  Vice President Legal, Corporate and Chief Compliance Officer  Suncor Energy Inc  
Ms. Karen Moore  Director, Climate Change Policy  Ontario Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
Mr. Hugues Morand  Negotiator - Agriculture  Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada  Government of Canada  
  
Canada (continued) 
M. Stephan Morency  Chef de l’investissement  Fondaction  
Mr. Javier Muñoz  Receptionist  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Mme Maï Céline Sao Murray  Directrice de projet  Montréal International  
Ms. Erin Myers  Environment and Climate Change Advisor  Environment  Métis National Council  
Mr. Nhattan Nguyen  Youth Delegate  Climate Action Network Canada  
M. Jean Nolet  Président-directeur général  Coop Carbone  
Ms. Flordeliz Osler  Past President  Canadian Medical Association  
Mr. Jan O’Driscoll  Chief of Staff, Office of the Minister  Ontario Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
Mr. Jean Paquin  President and CEO  SAF+ Consortium  
Ms. André-Yanne Parent  Executive Director  Climate Reality Project Canada  
Mme Monique Pauzé  Députée  Chambre des Communes  Bloc Québecois  
Ms. Tara Peel  National Director  Health, Safety and Environment  Canadian Labour Congress  
Mme Christiane Pelchat  Présidente-directrice générale  Réseau Environnement  
Mr. Eduardo Perez  International Policy Analyst  Climate Action Network Canada  
Mme Catherine Potvin  Conseillere, Financement climatique  Affaires mondiales Canada  Gouvernement du Canada  
Ms. Michelle Radley  Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Marlo Raynolds  Chief of Staff to the Minister  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Graeme Reed  Senior Policy Advisor  Environment Sector  Assembly of First Nations  
Mr. Mark Richardson  Counsellor  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Mr. Patrick Rondeau  Union Counselor  Just transition  Fédération des travailleurs et travailleuses du Québec  
Ms. Jacqueline Irene Ruesga  Policy Advisor  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Sari Sairanen  National Director  Health, Safety and Environment  Unifor  
M. Luis Ernesto Salgado Flores  Directeur technique  EcoTierra  
Ms. Kelly Sather  Senior Ministerial Assistant  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change Strategy  Government of British Columbia  
Ms. Linda Silas  President  Canadian Federation of Nurses Unions  
Ms. Erin Jennifer Silsbe  Deputy Director, International Affairs  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Karin Simonson  Negotiator, Senior Advisor ,Climate Change, Canadian Forest Service  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Patrick Snider  Senior Policy Advisor  Congress of Aboriginal People  
Ms. Shannon-Marie Soni  Director, Multilateral Affairs  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Kenneth Scott Sparkes  Driver  Embassy of Canada to Spain  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
Mr. Patrick Spicer  Negotiator - Global Stocktake / Talanoa Dialogue  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. François Tanguay  Consultant en politiques énergétiques  Coop Carbone  
Mme Emmanuelle Catherine Brigitte Tavernier  CEO  OXIA Initiative  
M. Eric Théroux  Sous-ministre adjoint  Environnement et changement climatique  Gouvernement du Québec  
Ms. Meghan Tibelius  Second Secretary, Environment and Fisheries  Embassy of Canada to the EU  Global Affairs Canada – Government of Canada  
  
Canada (continued) 
Mme Ildiko Katalin Tokes  Présidente  Tokes Consulting  
Ms. Bronwen Tucker  Analyst  Oil Change International  
Ms. Lauren Walshe-Roussel  Acting Manager  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Justin Wheler  Executive Director  Climate Change Regulation and Compliance  Alberta Environment and Parks  
Ms. Lorraine Whitman  President  The Native Women’s Association of Canada  
Mme Emily Woods  Director  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Jeffrey Yurek  Minister  Ontario Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
Ms. Saba Zarghami  Manager, Multilateral Unit  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Amy Zell  Manager, Carbon Solutions  Bluesource  
Central African Republic 
H.E. Mr. Thierry Kamach  Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
M. Igor Gildas Tola Kogadou  Coordonnateur de la REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Développement Durable  Coordination Nationale Climat  
Mme Mariam Amoudou Sidi  Chargée d’Etude de Légalité 
APV/FLEGT  Minitère des Eaux et Forêts  
Ms. Gounebana nee Doumbi Constance Nathalie  Ingenieur  Ministere des eaux et forets  Coordination Nationale Climat  
Mr. Omer Alban Dole Dobia  Expert Climat  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Kaïmba née Salamate Francine Marie Louise  Directeur Générale de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Rubens Nambai  Directeur de Cabinet  Ministère des Eaux, Forêts, Chasse et Pêche  
Mr. Josuzy Fleury Junior Pabandji  Directeur de Fonds National de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Mathurin Ramadane  Chargé de Mission  Finance  Gouvernement  
M. Yves Yalibanda  Chargé de Mission Eaux et Forêts  Ministère des Eaux, Forêts, Chasse et Pêche  
Mr. Melchisedeck David Yangbondo  Directeur  Coordination Nationale Climat  Ministere de l’Environnement et ddu Développement Durable  
M. Achille Yatoli Mepale  Gestionnaire  Medd  Gouvernement  
Chad 
Mr. Mahamat Abdoulaye Issa  Point Focal National la Convention-Cadre des Nations Unies sur les Changements Climatiques  
Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Hamid Abakar Souleymane  
Mr. Tahir Abdelaziz Awam  Inspecteur Général  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Mahamat Adamou  
Mr. Djimramadji Alrari  Directeur des Opérations du FSE  Ministere de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Sanda Bakari Bouba  Directeur Général de l’Agence Nationale de la Grande Muraille Verte  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Keda Ballah  Députe  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Abdoul wahab andi Bechir andi  Point Focal opérationnel du Fonds pour l’environnement mondial  Ministère de l’Environnement,de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Ibrahim Charfadine Abdelkerim  Point focal national fonds vert  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Mahamat Digadimbaye  
Mr. Djibril Hakim  Directeur Général de l’AEDE  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Ms. Khadidja Hassaballah Hamid  Député  Assemblée Nationale Du Tchad  
M. Mahamat Hassane Idriss  Directeur de Lutte Contre les Changements Climatiques et de l’Education Environnementale  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
  
Chad (continued) 
Mr. Nouradine Ibrahim Kossi  Environnementaliste  
Mr. Emmanuel Keryang  
Mr. Olivier Seid Kimto  Directeur Général Technique de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Yamba Mahamat  Directeur Général du Fonds National de l’Eau  Ministère de l’Environnement,de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Issa Mardo Djabir  Député  
Mr. Kouma Kossy Markizaye Saturnin  
Mr. Saleh Terda Nassour  Directeur des Ressources en Eau, PF ODD  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Eau et de la Pêche  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Massing Oursingbe  Chef de Division de la Législation et de Recouvrement  Fonds National de l’Eau  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Bianpambe Patalet  Fonctionnaire  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Ms. Kouesse Ramadane Karifene  Point Focal genre Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Noubadoumbaye Talomady  Journaliste  
Mr. Nadji Tellro Wai  Ministère de l’Environnement et de al Pêche  
Mme Hindou Oumarou Ibrahim  Coordinator  Association des Femmes Peules et Peuples Autochtones du Tchad   
Chile 
S.E. Sra. Carolina Schmidt  Minister of Environment  
Sr. Ignacio Briones  Ministerio de Hacienda  
S.E. Sr. Ricardo Lagos  
H.E. Mr. Teodoro Ribera  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores de Chile  
Sr. Antonio Walker  Ministro  Ministerio de Agricultura de Chile  
Sra. Carolina Aguirre  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Sra. Bernardita Castillo  COY15  
Sr. Julio Cordano  Jefe del Departamento de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Felipe Díaz  
Sra. Jacqueline Espinoza  Oficina de Estudios y Políticas Agrarias, ODEPA  Ministerio de Agricultura  
Sr. Carlos Essus  
Sra. Rosana Garay  
Sr. Guillermo García Moscoso  Asesor  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Sr. Claudio Ernesto Garrido Melo  
Sr. Gonzalo Guaiquil  Tercer Secretario  Dirección de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Alexa Kleysteuber  Asesora Equipo Negociación  
Sr. Andrés Landerretche Moreno  Coordinador Presidencia COP25  
Sra. Jenny Mager  Coordinadora Mitigación  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Juan José Martin  COY15/Cverde  
Sr. Richard Martínez  
Sr. Alejandro Montero  
Sr. Leonardo Muñoz  Asesor Gabinete Ministerial  Ministerio de Ciencia  
Sr. Rodrigo Olsen Olivares  Embajador Director de Medio Ambiente y Asuntos Oceánicos  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Marcos Orellana  
Sr. Felipe Osses  Analista Internacional Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Lorena Palomo  
Sr. Matías Pinto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. José Antonio Prado  Coordinador Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Agricultura  
Mr. Cristian Retamal  Presidency Adviser  Government of Chile  
Sr. Manuel José Saldías Kuhlmann  
Sr. José Eduardo Sanhueza  Asesor  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Gladys Santis  Profesional Adaptación Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Juan Pedro Searle  Asesor  Ambiental y Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Energía  
Sr. Eduardo Silva  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores de Chile  
Sr. Iván José Vejar Pardo  
Sr. Ambrosio Yobánolo  Deputy Director of Operations  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  
Sr. Gabriel Acuña Csillag  Comisión para el Mercado Financiero  
  
Chile (continued) 
Sr. Marco Aguayo Tamsec  
Sr. Elias Albagli  Banco Central  
Sra. Ximena Alcayaga  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Marta Alfaro  INIA Chile  
Sr. Roberto Ampuero Espinoza  
Sr. Juan Araya  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Mme Carol Andrea Arenas Ibarra  
Ms. Johanna Arriagada  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Carlos Barría Quezada  Ministerio de Energía  
Mr. Alexander Jorge Berland Kispal  
Sr. Federico Bernardelli  Ministerio de Energía  
Sr. Rodrigo Biel Pérez  
Mr. Pedro Bustos  INIA Chile  
Sr. Nelson Campos  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología, Conocimiento e Innovación   
Mr. Mauricio Camus Garcia  Ministerio de Agricultura  
Ms. Paloma Caro Torres  FAO/MINAGRI  
Sra. María Luisa Carvallo Cruz  
Ms. Constanza Cea  Imagen de Chile  
Sra. Catalina Cecchi  
Ms. Mariana Concha  Ministerio de Obras Públicas  
Sr. Felipe Contreras  COP25  
H.E. Mr. Andrés Couve  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología, Conocimiento e Innovación   
Sra. Laura Cussen  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Alejandro de la Carrera Diaz  
Mr. Felipe De Larraechea  INIA Chile  
Sr. José Luis Domínguez  Ministerio de Transporte  
Sra. Paula Estévez Weinstein  Ministerio de Energía  
Ms. Francisca Farías  
Mr. Ramiro Fernández  
Sra. Camila Fernandez  Jefa de Gabinete High Level champion  
Sra. Paula Angelina Fuentes Merino  
Sr. Alfonso Galarce  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Ms. Fernanda Gómez  
Mr. Guillermo Gonzalez  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Cecilia Guzmán  
Sr. Jordan Harris  COP25  
Sra. María Javiera Hernández  Oficina de Estudios y Políticas Agrarias  
Sra. Amparo Hernández Celedón  Coordinadora de Comunicaciones COP25  
Sr. Sebastián Herrera Larraín  Ministerio de Energía  
Sra. Francisca Hosiasson  COP25  
Mme Olivia Igor Santibánez  Ministerio de Desasrrollo Social y Familia de Chile  
Sra. María José Irarrázaval Jory  Ministerio de Agricultura  
Sra. Maritza Jadrijevic  Oficina de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Juan Carlos Jobet Eluchans  Ministerio de Energía  
Mr. Mauricio Lavín  Ministerio de Obras Públicas  
Sra. Trinidad Lecaros Cox  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Sra. Meilin Leon  Jefa de Oficina de Asuntos 
Internacionales  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Mr. Marcelo Leppe  Instituto Antártico Chileno  
Sra. Kareen Linzmayer Durruty  Ministerio de Energía  
Mr. Felipe Lizana  World Bank  
Sra. Catalina Manzur Giacobbe  
Sra. Pia Margarit  COP25  
Sra. Mónica Martin  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología, Conocimiento e Innovación   
Sra. María Francisca Martin Cuadrado  Fundación de Comunicaciones, Capacitación y Cultura del Agro  
Ms. Magdalena Montero  COP25  
Sr. Gonzalo Muñoz Abogabir  
Sr. Rolando Ortega Klose  
Ms. Soledad Palma  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Florence Pélissou  ODEPA/FIA  
Sr. Sebastian Pillado Olavarría  
Sr. Gabriel Prudencio Flaño  Ministerio de Energía  
Mr. José Manuel Rebolledo  Corporación Nacional Forestal  
Sr. Cristian Rodriguez  Invest Chile  
Ms. Paulina Rojas  Instituto Antártico Chileno  
Ms. Emilie Rojas  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Felipe Santa Maria  COP25  
Sra. Grit Schmalisch  Equip COP25  
Sr. Pablo Segura Correa  
Sra. Juanita Silva  
  
Chile (continued) 
Sr. Pedro Pablo Silva  Ministerio del Trabajo  
Sra. Carolina Simonetti  Ministerio de Transporte  
Ms. Gabriela Soto  ODEPA/CONAF  
Mr. Carlos Torres  Corporación Nacional Forestal  
Ms. Contanza Troppa  Corporación Nacional Forestal  
Sra. Carolina Urmeneta  Jefe Oficina Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Francisco Valdes  COP25  
Sr. Carlos Valdivia Ahumada  
Mr. Cristián Varela Eluchans  Gerente General COP25  
Mr. Gerardo Vergara  Instituto Forestal  
Sr. Felipe Vicencio  Imagen de Chile  
Sra. Macarena Villarino  Jefa de Comunicaciones  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Nicolás Westenenk Saint Jean  Profesional - Oficina Cambio Climático  
Ms. Javiera Zarate  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
China 
H.E. Mr. Yingmin Zhao  Vice Minister of Ecology and Environment 
Mr. Peilin Tong  
Mr. Gao Li  Director-General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Mr. Jin Sun  Special Representative of Climate Change Negotiations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Fei Yao  
Mr. Pak Wai Chan  Mr.  
Mr. Wei Chang  Engineer  Climate MRV center  Ministry of Ecology and Environment, Foreign Economic Cooperation Office  
Ms. Sau Wa Chang  Chief  Macau Meteorological and Geophysical Bureau  
Ms. Qingchen Chao  Deputy Director-General  National Climate Centre  
Ms. Yuxiu Chen  
Mr. Zhihua Chen  Director  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Ms. Chao Chen  
Ms. Guanyang Dong  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Mr. Maosheng Duan  Professor  Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology  Tsinghua University  
Ms. Guifen Fan  China Institute for International Exchanges  
Ms. Xing Fan  International Cooperation  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Mr. Chao Feng  
Ms. Xiaoxiao Fu  
Ms. Huixia Gao  
Mr. Xiang Gao  
Mr. Xiaofeng Guo  Department of Treaty and Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jiankun He  Professor  Tsinghua University, Global Climate Change Institute  
Ms. Fang Hou  
Ms. Yijia Huang  
Mr. Yueqiu Huang  
Mr. Lei Huang  
Mr. Sen Huang  
Mr. Jing Huang  Director General  The Adminsitrative Center for China’s Agenda 12  
Mr. Denghua Ji  
Mr. Xiangwu Kang  Ministry of Science and Technology  
Ms. Yun Kang  
Mr. Chi Wai Lam  Technician  Climate and Atmospheric Environment Centre  Macau Meteorological and Geophysical Bureau  
Mr. Wai Man Leung  
Mr. Junfeng Li  Director-General  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Mr. Yixin Li  
Mr. Fei Lin  
Mr. Yingzhi Liu  Deputy Director  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Zhe Liu  
Ms. Shuo Liu  Assistant Professor  Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences  
Mr. Xinming Lu  Deputy Director General  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Ms. Xin Luo  
Mr. Yangchen Ma  
Mr. Aimin Ma  
  
China (continued) 
Mr. Qiupeng Niu  
Ms. Yan Ren  
Mr. Baoxi Shang  Third Secretary  Department of Treaty and Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Zhen Sun  Deputy Director-General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Mr. Guosheng Wang  Professor  Academy of Forest Inventory and Planning  State Forestry Administration  
Mr. Hailin Wang  Institute of Energy, Environment and Economy  Tsinghua University  
Ms. Tian Wang  Assistant Professor  Division of Statistics and Assessment  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Mr. Jijie Wang  
Mr. Mou Wang  Senior Fellow, Managing Editor of CJUES  Institute for Urban and Environmental Studies  Chinese Academy of Social Sciences  
Mr. Yajing Wang  
Mr. Yuanbin Wu  
Mr. Jiuqiang Xing  
Mr. Huaqing Xu  Director-General  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Ms. Yaru Yang  
Ms. Zihan Yu  
Ms. Jiashuang Yuan  Deputy General Director  Department of Science and Climate Change  
China Meteorological Administration  
Mr. Zhiqiang Zhang  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Mr. Bo Zhang  
Mr. Kunkun Zhang  
Mr. Ping Zhong  
Ms. Yuqi Zhou  
Mr. Zeyu Zhou  
Colombia 
S.E. Sr. Ricardo José Lozano Picón  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Laura Juliana Arciniegas Rojas  Coordinadora de Asuntos Ambientales - Jefe de Delegación  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Carolina Barco Isakson  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Carolina Diaz Acosta  Director  Directorate of Economic, Social and Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sr. Roberto Mario Esmeral  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Ms. Manuela Rios  
Sr. Jose Francisco Charry Ruiz  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Antonio Jose Ecarri Bolivar  
Sra. Adriana Gutierrez Bayona  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. Maria Carolina Kitchen Fabre  Departamento Nacional de Planeación  
Ms. Maria Lemos  Advisor  
Environmental Affairs Office  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sra. Kirstie Janinne Lopez Romero  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Diego Alberto Mejia Acosta  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Diego Montes Ferro  Contractor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Sra. Olga Adriana Nieto  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Juan Carlos Orrego Ocampo  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Victoria Eugenia Pauwels Tumiñan  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Angela Rivera  Advisor  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Sra. Diana Camila Rodriguez Vargas  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Sr. German Romero Otalora  Departamento Nacional de Planeación  
Sra. Laura Ruiz Daza  Ministerio de Hacienda y Crédito Público  
Sr. Eduardo Jose Sanchez Sierra  Ministerio de Minas y Energía  
Sra. Isadora del Valle Suarez Guevara  
Sra. Maria Fernanda Suarez Londoño  Ministerio de Minas y Energía  
Sra. Diana Carolina Useche Rodriguez  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
  
Colombia (continued) 
Sr. Ivan Dario Valencia Rodriguez  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. Diana Marcela Vargas Galvis  Intituto de Hidrologia, Meteorologia y Estudios Ambientales  
Comoros 
S.E. M. Moustadroine Abdou  Ministre  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de la pêche et de l’Environnement  Union des Comores  
Mr. Mohamed Said Mkandzile Abd-El-Malik dit Siradjeddine  Directeur National Adjoint de l’Environnement  Direction Nationale de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l’Environnement, de l’Aménagement du Territoire et de l’Urbanisme  
Mr. Kamal Abdou  Chargé de la communication fond vert climat  Direction Nationale de l’Environnement et Forêt  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l’Environnement, de l’Aménagement du Territoire et de l’Urbanisme  
Mr. Said Ahamada  President, Formateur en Gestion et Valorisation des Dechets  
Mr. Cousteres-Dubuisson Charles, Ludovic, Robert  Chargé de Mission  Direction Nationale de l’Environnement et Forêt  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l’Environnement, de l’Aménagement du Territoire et de l’Urbanisme  
Mme Rahamatou Goulam  Directrice de l’Artisanat  
Mr. Ali Ahmed Karim  United Nations Development Programme  
Mr. Abdou Salami Mihidjay  Point Focal National de la CCNUCC  Direction Nationale de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l’Environnement, de l’Aménagement du Territoire et de l’Urbanisme  
Ms. Nassima Mmadi Issa  Responsable de la gestion du changement climatique  
Mr. Fawaz Mohamed Moumini  Négociateur juniors sur le finance climat  
Congo 
S.E. M. Denis Sassou Nguesso  President  Présidence de la République  
H.E. Mr. Jean-Claude Gakosso  Ministre des Affaires Etrangères et de la Coopération  
H.E. Ms. Rosalie Matondo  Ministre  Ministère d l’Economie Forestière et du Développement Durable  
H.E. Ms. Arlette Soudan-nonault  Minister  Ministère du Tourisme et de l’Environnement  
Mme Irma Séraphine  Membre  Association Femmes-Energie  
Mr. Brice Kevin Abandzounou  Journaliste  Association Vision Verte  
Mr. Saturnin Steve Abira  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Rodolphe Adada  Ambassadeur du Congo en France  
Mr. Valentin Frenel Ambende Nguesso  
M. Paul Amouimoui  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Vidalie Jean Frederique Andea  GCF National Focal Point  Ministère du Développement 
Durable, de l’Economie Forestière et de l’Environnement  
Mr. Joseph Atsini  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Joseph Badevokila  Consultant  Ministère de l’intérieur et de la Décentralisation  
Mr. Andre Nelson Bahakoula  Membre  Association Action Jeunesse pour le Développement  
M. Raymond Serge Bale  Ambassadeur  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Ms. Claire Melaine Biantouma Bansimba  Membre  Association Action Jeunesse pour le Développement  
Mr. Eugène Biranda Sambila  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Malandarto Rogeiro Bongos  Membre  Association Vision Verte  
Ms. Karole Hess Botoket Etalo  Membre  Association Congolaise d’Education et de Prévention Contre les Maladies et la Drogue  
Mr. Georges Claver Boundzanga  Coordinnateur National REDD+  Ministère du Développement Durable, de l’Economie Forestière et de l’Environnement  
Mr. Prosper Alain Bouya  Conseiller Spécial  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Ngakosso Ambya Chadli Heltone  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Alexis Ekaba  Conseiller d’Ambassade  Ambassade du Congo à Paris  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères et de la Coopération  
  
Congo (continued) 
Ms. Sara El Hannouni  Attaché  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Jean Alexis Elanga  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Hilaire Elenga  Directeur de la Météorologie  Ministère des Transports, de l’Aviation Civile et de la Marine Marchande  
Mr. François Elengoua  Directeur  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Elias Stanislas Etouayo  Attaché  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Parfait Eyobelet Obaka Obonongo  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Joly Françoise  Conseiller Spécial  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Arnaud Joseph Gillin  
Mr. Denis Auguste Marie Gokana  Conseiller Spécial  Brazzaville  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Arnaud Wilfrid Gotene Ockwere Gotouss  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Daniel Illoye - Gouya  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Antoine Issaka  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Alban Roméo Itoua  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Antoine Itoumba - Seba  Attaché au transport  Ministère des Transports, de l’Aviation Civile et de la Marine Marchande  
Mr. Gervais Ludovic Itsoua Madzous  Deputy Executive Secretary  
Commission des Forêts d’Afrique Centrale  
Ms. Nardelle Spirita Kayi  Membre  Association Vision Verte  
Mr. Yassir Khabbach  
Mr. Esaie Kimfoko  Secrétaire Général  Brazzaville  Association Vision Verte  
Mr. Charles Roland G. Kirsch  
Mr. Kessali Lekouledzela  Collaborateur  Ministère du Tourisme et de l’Environnement  
Mr. Dimitri Mabeki Botongo  Informaticien  Présidence de la République du Congo  
Mr. Odin Guellord Malonga Matondo  Conseiller Economique  Ministère de l’Economie Forestière  
Mr. Paul Maloukou  
Mr. Cyprien Sylvestre Mamina  Secrétaire Général des Affaires Etrangères  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Ms. Teko Francisca Manguitiko  Agent Domaine  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Félicité Brigitte Mayiguidi  Attachée de communication  Ministère de l’Economie Forestière  
Ms. Natalie Jeannine Mazila  Membre  Association Vision Verte  
Ms. Muriel Judicael Mazila  Membre  Vision Verte  
Mr. Justin Médard Mbon  Photographe  Présidence de la République  
M. Bertrand Ulrich MBoungou-Lekoba  Directeur  Cellule Antipollution  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
Mr. Novaldhy Murphy Mhiungou Madienguela  Membre  Association Eveil d’Afrique  
Ms. Josée Arlette Miafoueni  Membre  Association Action Jeunesse pour le Développement  
Mr. Fortunat Adrien Miaka  Membre  Association Vision Verte  
Ms. Henriette Miere Mouankie  Conseillère  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Alexis Minga  Conseiller au Développement Durable et au Changement Climatique  Ministère du Développement Durable, de l’Economie Forestière et de l’Environnement  
Ms. Ines - Nadia Mombouli  Agent  Ministère de l’Economie Forestière  
Mr. Serge Thierry Mombouli  Directeur Sce Scpf  Ministère de l’Economie Forestière  
M. Léonard Mouboundou  Attaché à la Présidence  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Aymeric Pierre René Moulene  
Mr. Siar Mounzieli Bamba  Cameraman - Direction de la Presse Présidentielle  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Roch Germain Mpassi Moumpassi  Directeur Général du Dévellopement Durable  Ministere du Tourisme et de l’Environnement  
Mr. Casimir Ndinga  Chargé de Mission  Présidence de la République  
Mr. René Ngamabou Siwe  REDD Project Manager  GAF AG  
Mr. Ghislain Pajerole Nganongo  Assistant Point Focal Climat  Ministry of Tourism and Environment   
Congo (continued) 
Mr. Guy Noel Ngoya  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Lauria Nguele Makouelet  SGA/DPCPID  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères, de la Coopération et des Congolais de l´Etrangères  
M. Rufin Judicael Niang Ossa  Attaché Cabinet  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Jean Claude Nkou  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Macaire Nzomono  Conseiller PR  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Aime Mgloire Desiré Oba  Assistant DNP  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Jean Dominique Okemba  Ministre, SG CNS  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Malot Okemba  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Bienvenu Okiemy  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Hemery Roland Okissakossy  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
M. Valentin Oko  Directeur de la Presse Présidencielle  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Renaud Giscard Okouaye  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Davy Brice Armel Ollita  
Mr. Landry Simplice Euloge Ollita  Ambassadeur Directeur National du Protocole  Présidence de la République  
Mme Natacha Ollita Ngoya née Palevoussa  Chargé de Mission  Présidence de la République du Congo  
Mr. Shanel Ombelle Kembo  
Mr. Marien Simplice Ominga  Directeur des voyages  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Pierre Ondongo  Attaché  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Jean Ondongo  Point Focal Changement Climatique  Ministère du Tourisme et de l’Environnnement  
Mr. Kevin Ondze  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Jean Christophe Ossango  Journaliste  Présidence de la République du Congo  
Mr. Alfred Simplice Ossombiassingha  Chargé de Mission  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Guy Olivier Pella  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Claire Justine Peya  Membre  Association Vision Verte  
Mr. Michel Innocent Peya  Écrivain-Chercheur  Association Vision Verte  
Mr. Didace Yoka  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Cook Islands 
H.E. Mr. Henry Puna  Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Wayne King  Director  Climate Change Cook Islands  Government  
Mr. Ewan Patrick Cameron  Climate Change Advisor  South Pacific-Regional Environmental Programme  
Mr. Benjamin Ponia  Chief of Staff  Prime Ministers Office  
Ms. Rima’ati Moeka’a  NATCOM Project Coordinator  Climate Change Cook Islands  Government  
Ms. Miimetua Lani Kino  Administration Officer  Development Coordination Division  Ministry of Finance and Economic Management  
Ms. Akaitiiti-O-Te-Rangi Puna  
Ms. Nanette Vaimoana Lanuola Woonton  Media and Relations Officer  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Audrey Brown-Pereira  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Linda Ann Siegele  Legal Research Advisor  Environmental Law  
Ms. Lisa Leilani Williams  Journalist  Pacific Media Network  
Costa Rica 
H.E. Mr. Carlos Alvarado Quesada  President  
H.E. Mr. Carlos Manuel Rodriguez  Ministro  Ministerio de Ambiente y Energía  
Ms. Ana Helena Chacón Echeverría  Ambassador  Embassy of Costa Rica  
Sra. Lorena Aguilar Revelo  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Workship  
Mr. William José Calvo Calvo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Pamela Castillo Barahona  
  
Costa Rica (continued) 
Sra. Andrea Meza Murillo  Directora  Dirección de Cambio Climático  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Patricio Morera Víquez  
Ms. Ana Cristina Quiros Soto  Viceministra  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Ms. Haydee Rodríguez Romero  
Ms. Margareth Solano Sánchez  
Sra. Ana Patricia Villalobos Arrieta  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Culto  
Mr. Mario Alberto Regidor Fernández  
Ms. Stephanie Altamirano Zeledón  
Mr. Diego Arguedas Ortíz  
Mr. Mauricio Chacón Navarro  
Mr. Felipe de León  Asesor  Ministerio de Ambiente y Energía  
Ms. Jane Ellis  Principal Administrator, Climate, Biodiversity and Water Division  Environment Directorate  Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  
Sr. Edgar Fernández Fernández  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Culto  
Ms. Elena Galante Marcos  
Ms. Verónica García Gutiérrez  
Mr. Ubaldo García Ruiz  
Mr. Pascal Girot  
Ms. Adriana Gonzalez Villalobos  
Ms. Melania Guerra Carrillo  
Ms. Alice Jay  
Ms. Agripina Jenkins Rojas  Asesora  Ministerio de Ambiente y Energía  
Ms. Kelley Kizzier  
Mr. Jorge León Murillo  Banco Central de Costa Rica  
Sra. Laura Isabel Lizano Ramon  Directora  Secretaria Ejecutiva del Sector Energía  Ministerio de Ambiente y Energía  
Ms. Katty López Campos  
Ms. Karla María Mena Soto  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Ms. Laura Mora Mora  Advisor  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Energy of Costa Rica  
Ms. Ana Lucía Moya Mora  
Mr. Brian O’Donnell  
Mr. Ricardo Prado Calderón  
Ms. Yuliana Ramírez Hernández  
Ms. Marcia Rocha  
Ms. Liliana Rodríguez Pizarro  
Ms. Noelia Rodríguez Rodríguez  
Mr. Jorge Mario Rodríguez Zúñiga  Fondo Nacional de Financiamento Forestal  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Ana Victoria Rojas Blanco  
Mr. Enric Sala  
Mr. Juan Bautista Salas Araya  
Ms. Johanna Salas Jiménez  
Ms. María Isabel Sanabria Castro  
Mr. Luis Diego Torres Chacón  Jefe de Despacho  Ministerio de Ambiente y Energía  
Mr. Ricardo Manuel Ulate-Chacon  Asesor de Despacho  Ministerio de Ambiente y Energía  
Ms. Rosellla Valladares Ruddock  
Ms. Giovanna Valverde Stark  
Ms. Maureen Vargas Pizarro  
Ms. Paola Vega Rodríguez  
Ms. María José Ventura  
Ms. Kirsten Weymouth  
Ms. Rita Zaghloul  
Côte d’Ivoire 
H.E. Mr. Alain-Richard Ahipaud Donwahi  Ministre  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
H.E. Mr. Joseph Séka Séka  Ministre  Cabinet  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
H.E. Mr. Kouadio Jean-Roger Bouaffo  Ambassador  Diplomatie  Ambassade Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Abe Yapo Eric Michel Assamoi  Director of Climate Change  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Kumassi Philippe Kouadio  Deputy Director  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Konan Raoul Kouamé  Coordonnateur de projets  Changements Climatiques  CEDEAO  
Mme Nasséré Kaba  Directeur de Cabinet Adjoint  Cabinet  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Kouakou Parfait Kouadio  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Oreste Santoni Akossi  Sous-Directeur chargé du Renforcement des Capacités et de la Finance Climatique  Direction de la Lutte contre les Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mr. Yavo Nicolas Apata  Chef de projet, une école, 5 ha de forêt  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Franck Olivier Kra  Rédacteur en Chef  Ebiz Africa  
Mr. Jean Douglas Anaman  Point Focal National chargé de l’Adaptation aux Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Alimata Bakayoko née Koné  Sécrétaire Permanent, Point Focal Opérationnel du FEM  Commission Nationale du FEM  Ministère de l’Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Khant Kadjane Serge Armand  Président  Save the Orphans of Africa  
Mr. Koffi Attahi Avorbang  Directeur Général  District Autonome d’Abidjan  
Ms. Rose Banchi épouse Don-Mello  Directrice Exécutive  CGECI  
Mr. Ibrahiman Berté  Directeur Général  Office National de L’eau Potable  
Mr. Akré Salomon Bieffo  Directeur  Direction de la Planification, des Etudes et des Statistiques  CEPICI  
Mr. Boka Maurice Boka  Directeur Général d’Administration  Conseil Régional de San Pédro  
Mr. Famoussa Coulibaly  Député, Secrétaire Général en charge de la Santé et de l’Hygiène  Commission de la Recherche, de la Science, de la Technologie et de l’Environnement  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Bakary Maguiraga  Vice-Président  
Chambre de Commerce et d’Industrie de Côte d’Ivoire  
Ms. Anna Marleyne Koffi  Technical Assistant in Charge of Gender and Climate Change issue  Programme National Changement Climatique  Ministère de la Salubrité, de l’Environment et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Souleymane Konaté  Enseignant-Chercheur  Université Nangui Abrogoua  Ministère de l’Enseignement Supérieur et de la Recherche Scientifique  
Mr. Diakaria Kone  Directeur des ressources en eau  Ressources et approvisionnement en eau  Office National de L’eau Potable  
Mr. Dognon Kone  Député-président  Parlement Panafricain  
Mr. Tiangoua Koné  Sous-Directeur Chargé des Etudes et Projets  Direction de la Lutte Contre les Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Koutoua Claude Amon Daby  Directeur  CGECI  
Ms. Alimata Ibrahima Sandya Ouattara  Assistante microprojets  Comission Nationale du FEM  Ministère de l’Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Gouganou Kopieu  Conseiller technique  District Autonome d’Abidjan  Assemblée des régions et districts de Côte d’Ivoire  
Ms. Amoin Cynthia Kouakou  Chargée de formation  Formation  ONG Page Verte   
Mr. Deby Gnaly Ghislain Dobo  Délégué departemental  CNJCI  
Mme Djeneba Coulibaly Clarisse Hamet épouse Kouassi  
Secrétaire au Genre  ONG Page Verte   
Ms. Andé Jean Yves Roland Konan  Coordonnateur délégué  Programme National Changement Climatique  Minsitère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Dissahonon Marie Sylvie Liadé  Coordonnateur délégué  Programme National Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Franck Melaine Anvou N’Dri  Coordonnateur délégué  Programme National Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Ingrid Amal Fleur Cécilia Yao  Ambassadrice Eco-citoyenne  ONG Page Verte   
Mr. Romuald Toglembaye Mbounade  Chef de Protocole  Protocole  ONG Page Verte   
Mr. Ulysse Guillao  Chef de service  Qualié Développement Durable  CEPICI  
Mr. Jean-Yves Gaba Kpalou  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Jean Bosco Koffi  1er Vice Président  Save the Orphans of Africa  
Mr. Kouacou Fidèle Kouadio  Chef de service Genre et Environnement  Direction Exécutive Adjointe  Fonds Interprofessionnel pour la Recherche et le Conseil Agricole  
Mr. Kouadio Raoul Kouassi  Délégué départemental  Conseil National des Jeunes de Côte d’Ivoire  
  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mr. Kouadio Parfait Kouassi  1er Vice-Président  Chambre de Commerce et d’Industrie de Côte d’Ivoire  
Mr. Boubacar N’diaye  Délégué Départemental  Société Agricole d’Elévage  
Ms. Marina Emeline Ndja  Présidente Fondatrice  ONG Global Garden Organisation  
Mr. Djahohar Din Nassirou  Secrétaire Général des Affaires Scolaires  Save the Orphans of Africa  
Mr. Moustapha Sylla  Responsable de la Communication  Assemblée des Regions et Districts de Côte d’Ivoire  
Mr. Mamoudou Traoré  Gérant de Société  Société Agricole d’Elévage  
Ms. Ziabo Mathilde Weudji  Conseillère juridique  Save the Orphans of Africa  
Mr. Kouakou Bernard Djé  Chef de département Climatologie et Applications Météorologiques  Societé d’Exploitation de Developpement Aeroportuaire Aeronautique Meteo  Ministère des transports  
Mr. Jean-Louis Moulot  Directeur Général  Societé d’Exploitation de Developpement Aeroportuaire Aeronautique Meteo  Ministère des Transports  
Ms. Marie-Michèle Hago Fatou Yao Yao  Directeur Commercial, du Marketing et de la Communication  Societé d’Exploitation de Developpement Aeroportuaire Aeronautique Meteo  Ministère des transports  
Mr. Claude François Koffi  Sous-Directeur  Direction de l’Hygiène Publique et de la Santé Environnement  Ministère de la Santé et de l’Hygiène Publique  
Mme Bongnih Eugénie Doh épouse Gagne  Directrice  Hygiène Publique et Santé Environnementale  Ministère de la Santé et de l’Hygiène Publique  
Mr. Konan Albert Koffi  Sécretaire Exécutif  APROMAC  
Ms. Boyobie Inès Marie Claude Dogoua  Animatrice en Environnement  ONG Page Verte   
Ms. Sopi Madeleine Marie Joseph Acko  Directrice  Agence Nationale De l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Assoue Manasse  Animateur en Environnement  ONG Page Verte   
Ms. Amoita Marie-Stella Rety Kouassi  Directrice de la coopération  Assemblée des Régions et Districts de Côte d’Ivoire  
Mr. Aboua Gustave Aboua  Directeur Général de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Nianvom Kouman  Directeur de la communication  Aboisso  Assemblée des Régions et Districts de Côte d’Ivoire  
Mr. Kouadio Désiré N’Goran  Gestionnaire de projets Changement Climatique  ONU Environnement Bureau Afrique  ONU Environnement  
Mr. Aka Hervé N’Zai  Vice-Président du Conseil Régional du Sud-Comoé  Aboisso  ARDCI  
Mr. Kouamé Ernest Ahoulou  Sécretaire Exécutif Permanent  REDD+  
Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Ange-Benjamin Brida  Coordonnateur CCAC  Centre Ivoirien Anti-Pollution  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Wonnan Frida Kahiba Épouse Goueli  Responsable du Service de la Communication et des Relations Publiques  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Alain Serges Kouadio  Directeur  Economie Verte et de Responsabilité Sociétale  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Adama Tondossama  Directeur Général  Office Ivoirien des Parcs et Réserves  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Kanga Daniel Kouamé  Chargé d’Etudes  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère du Pétrole, de l’Energie et des Energies Renouvelables  
Mr. Konan Norbert N’Goran  Directeur de la Maitrise de l’Energie et des Energies Renouvelables  Direction Générale de l’Energie  Minsitère du Pétrole, de l’Energie et des Energies Renouvelables  
Mr. Yao Lucien Kouassi  Directeur du reboisement et du cadastre forestier  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. N’guessan Martin Bragori  Instituteur  
Mr. Kouakou Maurice Bragori  Inspecteur d’Orientation  
Mr. Edouard Sosthène Hubert Yocolly  Directeur de Société  
  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mr. Mamadou Fofana  Directeur  Multi-Service Groupe  
Mr. Edi Innocent Noel Boraud  Président  AIENR  
Ms. Ange patricia agni Adiko  Chef de service suivi évaluation  Direction de la lutte contre les changements climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Agré Mathieu Richemond Assié  Coordonnateur BNDC Support  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mme Denise Mariette Chinan Djougba épouse Goué  Assistant Administrative et Financière sur le NDC Support Programme  Programme National Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Aka Jacques Olivier Malan  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet du Président de Région  Conseil Régional du Cavally  
Mr. Aphely Amon N’Guessan Auguste Kouakou  Chargé du Suivi-évaluation  REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Kouassi Djetau N’guessan  Conseiller Régional  Toumodi  Conseil régional du Bélier  
Mr. Christian Stéphane Gelase Andoble-Yao  Chargé de la promotion du MDP  Autorité Nationale du Mécanisme pour un Développement Propre  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Dibahi Marcellin Doh  Directeur Général  Conseil Régional du Cavally  
Ms. Tenin Pinda Diane  Gérante  
Association Ivoirienne des Energies Renouvelables et de l’Efficacité Energétique  
Mr. Kouamé Adingra Jean Marcel Kobenan  Chargé de communication  Relations Extérieures  Empreinte Verte et Solidarité  
Mr. Kocochie Félix Yenan  Directeur des commissions, des études et de la prospective  CGECI  
Mme Odette Josianne Zoundi  Membre de la commission Genre  CGECI  
Mme N’Gnonon Anne Ahiman épouse Maguiraga  Enseignante  Chambre de Commerce et d’Industrie de Côte d’Ivoire  
Mme Kouakou Sandrine Marie Noelle Achiaou  Animatrice en Environnement  Genre et Développement  ONG Page Verte   
Mme Nicole Yolande Eloye Kassibra  Responsable Assainissement  Santé et Environnement  ONG Page Verte   
Mr. Yapo Menin Anicet Durand-Claude Oboué  Coordonnateur  Coordination  Alliance Panafricaine pour la Justice Climatique en Côte d’Ivoire  
Mr. Ynsa Traoré  Coordonnateur Adjoint de l’initiative Cacao et Forêts  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Idelphonse Affogbolo  Conseiller Financier  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Galé Frédéric Zakpa  Sous directeur  Direction de la Lutte contre les Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Adam-Kolia Traoré  Président de Région  Daoukro  ARDCI  
Mr. Kouassi Venance Tieha  Vice-Président  Dimbokro  ARDCI  
Mr. Kouadio Evariste Kouamé  Attaché des Finances  Dimbokro  ARDCI  
Mr. Edson Lezin Bomisso  Enseignant-Chercheur  Université Félix Houphouet Boigny  Ministère de l’Enseignement Supérieur et de la Recherche Scientifique  
Mr. Bouekalo Fulgence Tizié Bi  Sécurocrate Logisticien  PACJA Côte d’Ivoire  
Mme Kouity Florence Nebout  Chargée d’Etudes  Direction de la planification, de la programmation et du financement  Ministère de l’Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
Mr. Guide Régis Dedou  Membre  My Dream For Africa  
Mr. Koffi Eddie Konan  Sous-Directeur  Agence Nationale de Gestion des Déchets, ANAGED  Ministère de l’Assainissement et de la Salubrité  
Mr. Yao Mathieu N’Guessan  Vice-Président  Bouaflé  ARDCI  
Mr. Ulrik Ashley Adongon  Cadreur  RTI  
Ms. Adrienne Grace Kando  Journaliste  RTI  
Mr. Kouadio Remy Konan  Directeur Général de l’Administration  Daoukro  ARDCI  
  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mr. K Bilé Anderson dit Andy Costa Kouakou  Président  My Dream For Africa  
Mr. Ouattara Oseine  Vice-Président  Bondoukou  ARDCI  
Mr. Djera Fidèle Kanga  Commercial  Direction de l’Assainissement en Milieu Rural  Ministère de l’Assainissement et de la Salubrité  
Mr. Koffi Léon Kouamé  Environnementaliste  Direction de l’Assainissement en Milieu Rural  Ministère de l’Assainissement et de la Salubrité  
Mme Lagnimy Nadège Ouattara  Assistante Comptable  Direction de l’Assainissement en Milieu Rural  Ministère de l’Assainissement et de la Salubrité  
Mr. Antonin Arthur Assa  Directeur  DAEP/MH  Ministère de l’Hydraulique  
Mme Namaré Koné née Doumbia  Chef de service  Communication et Relations Publiques  Ministère de l’Hydraulique  
Mr. Sory Touré  Secrétaire général  My Dream For Africa  
Mr. Yao Régis Kherann Kouassi Yao  Membre  My Dream For Africa  
Ms. Eboure Hélène Amie  Présidente  ONG Working Women of Côte d’Ivoire  
Mme Cécile Essis née Lezou  Conseiller  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mme Marie Solange Tiessé Mel  Directrice Tourisme  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. N’dri Albert Kouamé  Chargé du Protocole  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Mamadou Koné  Assistant Administratif  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Assane Jocelyn Assi  Assistant Bureau du Tourisme  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Eric Yapo Bogui  Ministre Conseiller  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mme Dako Ogolebré Solange Blesso  Responsable Communication  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Philippe Henri Kouassi  Chargé de Protocole  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Ms. Gbouzouo Cécile Ahouma épouse Kouassi  Conservateur Centre de Documentation  PACJA Côte d’Ivoire  
Mme Yakiema Diabaté épouse Kouyaté  Directrice générale  Dynamic technology  
Mme Meryam Lankry épouse Sroussi  Directeur général Adjoint  Direction générale  Bamboo for life  
Mme Gueunkapieu Alina Aimée Mahouagbeu épouse Ouattara  Conseillère technique  Ministère de la Solidarité, de la Cohésion sociale et de la Lutte contre la Pauvreté  
Mr. N’guessan Kouamé  Chef de Cabinet  Cabinet  Ministère de la Solidarité, de la Cohésion sociale et de la Lutte contre la Pauvreté  
Mr. Bakary Koné  Chargé de mission  Cabinet  Ministère de la Solidarité, de la Cohésion sociale et de la Lutte contre la Pauvreté  
Mr. Yao Ristide N’Da  Chef de service suivi-évaluation  Ministère de la Solidarité, de la Cohésion sociale et de la Lutte contre la Pauvreté  
Mr. Xavier Effoué  Chef de service Communication et relations publiques  Ministère de la Solidarité, de la Cohésion sociale et de la Lutte contre la Pauvreté  
Mr. Kouakou Noguès Kouadio  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère d’Etat, Ministère de la Défense  
Mr. Kumassi Koffi  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère du Transport  
Mr. Bernard Maurice Benayoun  Directeur Général  Bamboo for life  
Ms. Gueyayou Danielle-Inès Ottro  Gérante  Servimat Energies  
Ms. Fofana Gandou  Membre  ONG Working Women of Côte d’Ivoire  
Ms. Annessy Hubertine Beugrey  Chargée des Relations Publiques Adjointe  ONG Working Women of Côte d’Ivoire  
Mr. Simplice Camille Kamande  Chargé des Relations Internationales  ONG Internationale RAMA  
  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mr. Kouadio Kra Datte  Directeur Général de l’Administration  ARDCI  
Mme Marie-Josephe Affia Bitty  Directeur  Direction de l’Hygiène Publique et de la Santé-Environnement  Ministère de la Santé et de l’Hygiène Publique  
Mme Naomi Ouattara épouse Kacou  Directrice  DEEH  Bureau national d’études techniques et de développement  
Mr. Yacouba Coulibaly  Chauffeur  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Librono Marc Saint Clair Sery  Chauffeur  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Adama Coulibaly  Chauffeur  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Oi kouamé Désiré Kouamé  Attaché Administratif  Diplomatie  Ambassade de Côte d’Ivoire en Espagne  
Mr. Natoueu Jean Claude Koya  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère du Plan et du Développement  
Ms. Ahou Sosthène Larissa Kouadio  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère de l’Economie et des Finances  
Croatia 
H.E. Mr. Andrej Plenkovic  Prime Minister  
Government of the Republic of Croatia  
H.E. Mr. Tomislav Coric  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
H.E. Mr. Zvonimir Frka Petešic  Chief of Staff  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
H.E. Ms. Nives Malenica  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Croatia to the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Tena Mišetic  Deputy chief of staff  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Ms. Zrinka Ujevic  Director General  Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs  
Mr. Igor Cižmek  Assistant Minister  Directorate for climate activities, sustainable development and protection of air, soil and from light pollution  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Višnja Grgasovic  Head of service for climate activities and ozone layer protection  Service for climate activities and ozone layer protection  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Marko Milic  Spokesperson  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Ms. Rajna Stevic  Advisor  Protocol Office  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Ms. Branka Pivcevic Novak  Head of the Service  Department for climate change and sustainable development  
Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Vlatka Palcic  Senior Expert Adviser  Service for climate activities and ozone layer protection  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Melita Zdilar  Senior Expert Advisor - Specialist  Service for climate activities and ozone layer protection  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Sandra Pezelj Meštric  Senior Expert Adviser  Service for climate activities and ozone layer protection  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Bernarda Rožman  Head of Environment Monitoring Department  Environment Monitoring Department  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Tatjana Obucina  Senior Expert Adviser  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Mario Božicevic  Senior administrative adviser  Department of appeal, representation and administrative supervision  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Ivan Güttler  Head of the Climate Modelling, Climate Change Monitoring and Biometeorology Division  Meteorological Research and Development Sector, Climatology Department  Croatian Meteorological and Hydrological Service  
Mr. Hrvoje Marjanovic  Expert  Department of Forest Management and Forestry Economics  Croatian Forest Research Institute  
  
Croatia (continued) 
Ms. Daniela Lucev  First Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Croatia to the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Darija Buljan Curic  First Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Croatia to the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Marija Pujo Tadic  President  International Institute for Climate Action  
Mr. Zoran Kordic  Cooperative Manager  Green Energy Cooperative  
Ms. Slavica Robic  Executive Director  Society for Sustainable Development Design  
Mr. Lin Herencic  Research Associate  Department of Energy and Power Systems  Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing  
Mr. Mladen Domazet  Expert  Institute for Political Ecology  
Cuba 
Mr. José F. Santana Núñez  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment  
Sra. Maria del Carmen Herrera Caseiro  Deputy Director General  General Division of Multilateral Issues and International Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sr. Gustavo Ricardo Machín Gómez  Embajador Extraordinario y Plenipotenciario  Embajada Cuba en España  
Sra. Maria Caridad Balaguer Labrada  Especialista  Dirección General de Derecho Internacional y Asuntos Multilaterales  
Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Orlando Ernesto Rey Santos  Advisor  Dirección de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología y Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Liset Borges Vázquez  Specialist  Dirección de Relaicones Internacionales  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología y Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Yuri Morales Velez  Consejero Económico  Embajada de Cuba en España  
Sr. Pedro Julio Ruiz Hernández  Especialista  Direccion de Relaciones Internacionales  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología y Medio Ambiente  
Cyprus 
H.E. Mr. Constantinos Kadis  Minister of Agriculture, Rural Development and Environment 
Mr. Theodoulos Mesimeris  Senior Environment Officer  Department of Environment  Ministry of Agriculture, Rural Development and Environment  
H.E. Ms. Koula Sophianou  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Cyprus to Spain  
Ms. Christiana Tzika  Deputy head of Mission  Embassy of the Republic of Cyprus to Spain  
Ms. Vassilia Theophilou  Environment Attaché  Cyprus Permanent Representation to the EU  
Czechia 
H.E. Mr. Andrej Babiš  Prime Minister  Government of the Czech Republic  
H.E. Mr. Richard Brabec  Minister for the Environment of 
the Czech Republic  Ministry of the Environment  
H.E. Mr. Ivan Jancárek  Ambassador of the Czech Republic to Spain  Embassy of the Czech Republic in Madrid  
Mr. Pavel Zamyslicky  Director, NFP  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Anita Grmelová  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Katerina Sucha  Deputy Director  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Vladimír Vorechovský  Director  Department of the Comunication  Office of the Government  
Ms. Eva Adamova  Department of Foreign Relations  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Romana Brezovska  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Daniela Capkova  Deputy Head of Mission  Embassy of the Czech Republic in Madrid  
Mr. Michal Danhelka  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Michaela Horuckova  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Jiri Marek  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
  
Czechia (continued) 
Ms. Dana Balcarová  Chair of the Committee on Environment  Chamber of Deputies, Parliament of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Imrich Kliment  First Secretary  Embassy of the Czech Republic in Madrid  
Ms. Hana Slavickova  Head of Unit  Agriculture and Environment Financing  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Vera Zazvorkova  Multilateral Economic Relations Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Linda Bartošová  Reporter  Czech Television  
Mr. Stanislav Baštecký  Cameraman  FTV Prima  
Ms. Veronika Beníšková  PR and marketing Unit  Office of the Government  
Mr. Jindrich Kodícek  Official Cameraman  Office of the Government  
Ms. Iveta Krížová  Reporter  Lidove noviny  
Ms. Eva Krtkova  Head of Unit  Air Quality Protection Division  Czech Hydrometeorological Institute  
Mr. Ondrej Krutilek  Reporter  iDNES.cz  
Mr. Martin Kukacka  Security  Office of the Government  
Mr. Michal Kyncl  Cameraman  TV Nova  
Mr. Karel Majerov  Driver  
Embassy of the Czech Republic in Madrid  
Mr. Petr Matyáš  First Secetary  Embassy of the Czech Republic in Madrid  
Ms. Petra Matýsková  Reporter  TV Nova  
Mr. Pavel Pivarcsi  Driver  Embassy of the Czech Republic in Madrid  
Mr. Stepán Sedlácek  Reporter  Czech Radio  
Mr. David Šír  Security  Office of the Government  
Mr. Libor Ungermann  Cameraman  Czech Television  
Ms. Barbora Zpevácková  Reporter  Novinky  
Mr. Zbynek Zykmund  Reporter  FTV Prima  
Democratic People’s Republic of Korea 
Ms. Kyong Sim RI  Director General  External Economic Cooperation Department  Ministry of Land and Environment Protection  
Ms. Jong Ok Kim  Senior Officer  External Economic Cooperation Department  Ministry of Land and Environment Protection  
Mr. Chol U Song  Officer  Department of Environment Protection  Ministry of Land and Environment Protection  
Democratic Republic of the Congo 
S.E. M. Claude Nyamugabo Bazibuhe  Minister  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Aime Mbuyi Kalombo  Chef de Division des Changements Climatiques  Direction de Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Godefroid Ndaukila Muhinya  Directeur-Chef de Service  Direction de Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
S.E. Mme Louise Nzanga Ramazani  Ambassadeur  Ambassade de la RDC près Royaume de l’Espagne  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Nsiala Tosi Mpanu Mpanu  Ambassadeur  Cabinet du Ministre de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Benjamin Toirambe Bamoninga  Secrétaire Général  Secrétariat Général Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Désiré Kabare Rugemaninzi  Chef Coutumier  Société Civile  
Mr. Richard Lukunda Vakala-Mfumu  Directeur de Cabinet  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
M. Jeannot Bononge Bongangondja  Expert  Cellule d’Etudes de la Direction Générale  Office Congolais de Controle  
Mme Jennifer Holland Grace  Safbois  
Mr. Axel Blindow Kettwig  Expert  Safbois  
Mr. Frédéric Marcel Patrick Jacquemont  Conseiller Technique  Secteur Privé  Safbois  
Mr. Brandon Leis Blattner  Secteur Privé  Safbois  
Mr. John Vivian Bartlett Simmons  Secteur Privé  Société Safbois  
Ms. Marie-Paule Lusamba Kajinga  Conseillère du Politique du Président RCfN  Secrétariat Général  Ministère de l’Environnement, Conservation de la Nature et Développement Durable  
Ms. Marie-Dorothée Lisenga  Bafalikike  Societé Civile  
Ms. Chouchouna Mpunga Losale  Chargé de Communication  Centre de Technologies Innovatrices et Développement Durable  Societé Civile  
Mme Charlotte Kabengele Makamu  Membre  Societé Civile  
Mr. Victor Kabengele  Expert REDD  Fonds National REDD  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. John Muloba Kitonge  Expert  Comité Technique de Suivi des Réformes  Ministère des Finances  
Ms. Rebecca Claire Byrnes  REEEI Framework  
Ms. Brook Moana Raffety Dambacher  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mme Martine Badibanga Kamunga  Point Focal Suppléant  Coordination Nationale Rainforest, CN-RECC  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Julien Kabalako Mbuku  GTCR  Société Civile  
Mr. André Mbobotchi Ebukala  Coordonateur  Projet Pana Zone Côtière  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Bienvenu Ngoy Isikimo  Expert auprès du group de travail climat REDD  CEFDHAC  
Mr. Omar Kabasele Kabongo  Groupe de Travail Climat REDD  Société Civile  
Mr. Marcellin Musemakweli Mushengezi  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Kapupu Diwa Mutimanwa  Président National  Ligue Nationale des Associations Autochtones Pygmées du Congo  Societé Civile  
Mr. Richard Ilunga Bishalanga  Ministère de l’environnement et développement durable  Cabinet du Vice-Ministre à l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Denis Mushiya Kabamba  Société Civile  
Mr. Patrick Luemba Nguvulu  AUTEM  Ministère du Travail  
Mme Anna Lehmann  ERA-Congo  Wildlife Works  
Mr. Rémy Mangani Muzinga  Expert en charge des Inventaire des gaz à effet de serre  Direction de développement durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Dieudonné-Athanase Musibono Eyul’Anki  Conseiller spécial du Chef de l’Etat  Cabinet du Président de la République  
Mme Clémentine Lyzieve Itela  Directeur Général Adjoint  Office National de l’Emploi  Ministère du Travail, Emploi et Pévoyance Sociale  
Mme Espérance Musafiri Shukuru  Député National  Gouvernement provincial de l’Ituri  Province de l’Ituri  
Mr. Serge Tshilewu Kalala  GTCR  Société Civile  
Mr. Michael Andrew Korchinsky  CEO and Founder Wildlife Works  ERA - Congo  Wildlife Works  
Mr. Julien Awa Nyamugabo  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Jeff Kuminga Amadi  Cabinet du Ministre de l’environnement et développement durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Emmanuel Akilimali Njirandi  Cabinet du Ministre de l’environnement et développement durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Comins Walter Martin  SAFBOIS  Secteur Privé  
Mr. Alidor Muteba Kasongo  Expert  OCEAN  Société Civile   
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
Mme Irène Wasso Wabiwa  Député National  Assemblée nationale  Parlement de la RDC  
Mr. Tharcisse Loseke Nembalemba  Directeur de Cabinet  Cabinet du Ministre de l’Emploi  Ministère de l’Emploi et prévoyance sociale  
Mr. Frank Burkert  
Mr. Idesbald Chinamula Vuningoma  Unite Pauvreté  United Nations Development Programme  
Mr. Paul Joseph De Noon  
Mme Mbeugue Diop  Ernst and Young  CfRN  
Mr. Frank, Joseph, Jean Duffau  Era-Congo  
Ms. Angela Ebeleke  Société Civile  
Mr. Wilson Elongo Umba  Direction Générale de la Politique Monétaire et des Opérations Bancaires  Banque Centrale du Congo  
Mr. Corneille Ewango Ekokinya  Professeur - chercheur  Université de Kisangani  
Mr. Federico Giraudo  
Mme Eloise Anastasia Guidi  CfRN  
Mr. Alain Ilunga Kitombolwe  
Mr. Camille Augustin Kabasele Dikangala  Directeur de l’Electricité  Ministère de l’Energie et Ressources Hydrauliques  
Mme Marie Paule Kabengele  
Mr. Guillaume Kahozi Beya Malisawa  Unité de Coordination et de Management des Projets du Ministère de l’Energie et Ressources Hydrauliques  
Ministère de l’Energie et Ressources Hydrauliques  
Ms. Aimée Kasoki Maombi  Experte  Direction de Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Benedicte Kiangata Talanjila  Ministre provincial  Ministère Provincial de l’environnement  Province de Kwilu  
Mr. Daniele Kielmanowicz  
Mr. Rebholz Kim  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Honoré Kolongo Mabunda  Ambassade de la RDC près Royaume de l’Espagne  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Onaka Kosaku  Assistant technique chargé des forêts  Secrétariat Général à l’environnement  Ministre de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Georges Koshi Gimeya  Secrétaire Général au Développement Rural  Secrétariat Général  Ministere de Developpement Rural  
Mr. Patrice Lefeu  Executive Director  EU Institutions  
Mr. José Maboya Nzalingo  Ministère des Ressources Hydrauliques et Electricité  
Mr. Oscar Matondo ma Muanda  Ministre Plénipontantiaire  Ambassade de la RDC près Royaume de l’Espagne  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Didier Mayenge Numbi  Ambassade de la RDC près de la République Française  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères et Coopération Internationale  
Mme Charlotte Nadine Marie Mignon  Consultant  Global R & D et Innovation Services  
Mr. Rigobert Minani Bihuzo  CENCO  
Mr. Maurice Mokulu  Vision salisa Congo  Société Civile  
Mr. David Fernando Mora Alvarez  CfRN  
Mr. Benjamin Mputela Bankanza  Directeur Adminstratif  Era Ecosystem Services  
Mr. Leon Mulimbi Ngoy  Directeur  Fonds Forestier National, Cellule Coopération Internationale  Ministère de l’Environnement, Conservation de la Nature et Développement Durable  
Ms. Nala Muller  Société Civile  
Mr. Jean Marie N’sapu  Vision Congo Vert  Société Civile  
Mr. Patrick Okitayela Sholongo  Expert  Ministère de l’Environnement, Conservation de la Nature et Développement Durable  
Mr. Jahnke Roland Kurt  
Ms. Sukran Sebnem Rusitschka Geb. Oztunali  Blockchain climate  
Mr. Jean Tambu Mikuma  Ministre Conseiller, Chargé d’Affaires a.i  Ambassade de la RDC près République Française  
Mr. Stephen John Warr  
Ms. Northington Yolande Kabengele  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Blaise Zahinda Ntole  Cabinet du Ministre de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
  
Denmark  
H.E. Mr. Dan Jørgensen  Minister  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
H.E. Mr. Benny Sørensen Engelbrecht  Minister for Transport  Ministry of Housing, Infrastructure and Transport  
Mr. Morten Bæk  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Anette Albjerg Ejersted  Chief Advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Mr. Tomas Anker Christensen  Climate Ambassador of Denmark  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jens August Kisling  Ambassador  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Anders Hoffmann  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Mr. Claus Andersen  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Housing, Infrastructure and Transport  
Mr. Jonas Von Freiesleben  Special Advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Tania Schimmel  Head of Department  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Mr. Simon Engfred Larsen  Advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Tanne Noergaard Jensen  Advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Mr. Erik Rasmussen  Special Advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Anne Marx Lorenzen  Advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Leila Stockmarr  Special Advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Sarah Overby Ridha  Intern  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Mr. Jesper Dahl Caruso  Head of Press  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Mr. Jens Mattias Clausen  Chief advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Maria Samuelsen  Private Secretary to the Minister  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Anita Valentin  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Mr. Henrik Silkjær Nielsen  Senior Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Adam Rieper  Press Officer  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Ms. Tina Christensen  PhD Scientific Officer  Danish Meteorological Institute  
Ms. Hanne Jersild  Special Advisor  Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate  
Mr. Lars Gade Holm  Head of Trade Department  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Ms. Anne Louise Grinsted Klinkby  Deputy Head of Mission  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Jens Fugl  Senior Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Patricia Alvarez Fernandez  Trade Advisor  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Ms. Eva Guadalupe Poderoso Cobo  Secretary to the Ambassador  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Ms. Simone Falcon  Intern  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Joel Matias Jonsson  Intern  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Ms. Signe Köllner Christensen  Intern  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Rafael Eugenio Sanchez Ramos  Driver  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Mathias Torp Gugliotta  Intern  Royal Danish Embassy in Madrid  
Ms. Malene Lauridsen  Special Advisor  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Ulla Heiden  Agriculture  Ministry of Environment and Food  
Ms. Malene Linderoth  Special advisor  Ministry of Environment and Food  
Mr. Ole-Kenneth Nielsen  Special Advisor  National Environmental Research Institute  Aarhus University  
Mr. Mads-Peter Birkelund  Private Secretary to the Minister  Ministry of Housing, Infrastructure and Transport  
Ms. Marie Kristensen  Special Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Housing, Infrastructure and Transport  
Mr. Sune Kåre Sørensen  Advisor  Danish Energy Agency  
  
Denmark (continued) 
Ms. Rebecca Joy Lynge  Deputy Head of Mission  Greenland Representation  Government of Greenland  
Ms. Emilie Svensdatter Mehlsen  Committee Secretary  Danish Parliament  
Ms. Nilly Taheri-Abkenar  Youth Delegate  The Danish Youth Council  
Ms. Monika Margrethe Skadborg  Youth Delegate  The Danish Youth Council  
Mr. Pablo Alejandro Hevia Koch  Advisor  Danish Energy Agency  
Djibouti 
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Abdoulkader Moussa  Minister  Ministry of Urban Planning, Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Dini Abdallah Omar  Secretary General  Ministère de l’Urbanisme, de l’Environnement et du Tourisme  
Mr. Mahamoud Omar Guelleh  Directeur Général  Agence Nationale de l’Emploi, de la Formation et de l’Insertion Professionnelle  Ministère du Travail  
Mr. Ahmed Ali Dimbio  Secrétaire Général  ONG EVA  
M. Abdoulkader Oudoum Abdallah  Conseiller Technique et Spécialiste des Changements Climatiques du Ministre de l’Habitat, de l’Urbanisme et de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Urbanisme, de l’Environnement et du Tourisme  
Ms. Aicha Ahmed  Coordinatrice du projet Adailou, Assamo  Ministère de l’Urbanisme, de l’Environnement et du Tourisme  
M. Mahdi Ismael Darar  Sous-Directeur  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. Idriss Ismael Nour  Sous-Directeur des Pollutions  Ministère de l’Urbanisme, de l’Environnement et du Tourisme  
Dominica 
H.E. Mr. Lloyd Gabriel Pascal  Ambassador, Senior Policy Advisor  Environment Coordination Unit  Ministry of Environment, Climate Resilience, Disaster Management and Urban Renewal  
Ms. Kongit Haile-Gabriel  Environment  Government of Dominica  
Mr. Menelik Pascal  
Ms. Melanie Pill  
Dominican Republic 
S.E. Sr. Danilo Medina  President  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Julio Moises Alvarez  Director Técnico  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
S.E. Sr. Ángel Estévez Bourdierd  Minister  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Gustavo Adolfo Montalvo Franco  Ministro  Ministerio de la Presidencia  
Sr. Jose Ramon Peralta Fernandez  Ministro Administrativo  Ministerio de la Presidencia  
Sr. Pedro García Brito  Director de Cambio Climático  Dirección de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
S.E. Sr. Olivo Andres Rodriguez Huertas  Embajador Dominicano en España  
Embajada de la República Dominicana en España  
Sra. Luz Delina Alcantara Aquino  Especialista en Mitigación  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Francisco Manuel Alonso Pla  Asesor  Instituto Nacional de Tránsito y Transporte Terrestre  
Sra. Rosa Rita Alvarez de Rodríguez  Presidenta Ejecutiva  Fundación Reservas del País  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Resursos Naturales  
Sra. Martha Cristina Asencio Done  Asistente del Excelentísimo Sr. Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Jefferson Bonifacio Garcia  Colaborador  Juventud Sostenible  
Sra. Solhanlle Ernestina Bonilla Duarte  Directora  Observatorio Cambio Climatico  Instituto Tecnológico de Santo Domingo  
Sr. Adam Benoni Caceres Silvestre  Jefe del Cuerpo de Seguridad Presidencial  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Elvis Andres Casilla Brito  Seguridad  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Jessica Nadiusca Castillo Dominguez  Ministra Consejera  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Keila Margarita Cedeno Perez  Periodista  Cicom  
Sr. Kevin Hesnaider Cuevas Figuereo  Seguridad  Presidencia de la República  
  
Dominican Republic (continued) 
Sr. Victor Rafael de Jesus Vinas Nicolas  Asesor y Coordinador del Despacho de la Vicepresidencia Ejecutiva  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Robert Wander De la Cruz Carpio  Asistente del Excelentísimo Sr. Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Rigoberto De Los Santos Guerrero  Seguridad  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Felix Anthonely Done Guzman  Seguridad  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Rhina Altagracia Duran Cabral  Encargada de Asuntos Políticos  Embajada de la República Dominicana en España  
Sr. Juan Manuel Fabian Mora  Seguridad  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Lisette Jhoanny Fernandez Morales  Coordinadora de Protocolo  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Rafael Emilio Ferreras Sanchez  Agregado Militar  Embajada de la República Dominicana en España  
Sra. Carol Franco  Asesora  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Carmen Esmeldy García Martínez  Head of Climate Change Adaptation  Adaptation Department of the Climate Change Directorat  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
S.E. Sr. Pedro Ramon Gomez Martinez  Embajador  Protocolo del Estado  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Wilkin Manuel Gonzalez Capellan  Viceministro de Políticas Sociales  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Federico Alfredo Grullón de La Cruz  Encargado del Departamento de Mitigación  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Juliannie Ailime Guerrero Diaz  Directora General  Direccion de Sostenibilidad y Responsabilidad Social  Banco de Reservas  
Sra. Jeniffer Hanna Collado  Encargada de Planificación y Desarrollo  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Karen Josefina Hedeman Lluberes  Oficial de Cambio Climático  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Felipe Jose Pedro Herrera Cabral  Ministro Consejero  Embajada de la República Dominicana en España  
Sr. Roberto Alfredo Herrera Pablo  Director Ejecutivo  Consorcio Energetico Punta Cana-Macao  
Sr. Agustin Ruben Iglesias Melo  Coronel Medico  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Sarah Ofelia Languasco de Reyna  
Sra. Mabel Lucia Lemoniel Rodriguez  Directora de Comunicación Digital  
Dirección General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Laixa Marine Lizardo Montolio  Directora de Protocolo  Dirección de Ceremonial y Protocolo  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Robert Gerard McCollum Sanlley  Traductor del Excelentísimo Sr. Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Alexander Medina Feliz  Subdirector  Departamento de Programación Monetaria y Estudios Económicos  Banco Central de la República Dominicana  
Sra. Candy Sibeli Medina Montilla  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Heliana Miguelina Medina Rodriguez  Comunicaciones  Comisión Interinstitucional de Alto Nivel para el Desarrollo Sostenible en República Dominicana  
Sra. Kathia Mejía de los Santos  Directora Ejecutiva  Fundación Sur Futuro, Inc.  
Sr. Mario Rafael Mendez Mendez  Vicepresidente de Proyectos  Ecoturismo Mundial y Proyectos Ambientales C. X A.  
Sr. Carlos Alberto Moronta  Director de Tecnologia  Dirección General de Comunicaciones  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Laura Virginia Naut Quiñones  Asistente del Ministro  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sr. Amircal Navarro Matos  Seguridad  Presidencia de la República  
  
Dominican Republic (continued) 
Sr. Felix Maria Nova Paulino  Senador de la República Dominicana  Senado de la República Dominicana  Congreso Nacional  
Sr. Carlos Augusto Pared Perez  Asistente Personal del Excelentísimo Sr. Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Evergito Peña Acosta  Vicepresidente Ejecutivo  Presidencia de la Republica  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Sra. Libertad Elizabeth Pena Languasco  Directora  Free Zone La Romana  Free Zone Asc,  
Sra. Francesca Thamara Peña Mañon  Oficial de Protocolo  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Carolina Ramirez Longo  Directora  Direccion de Sostenibilidad y Responsabilidad Social  Banco de Reservas  
Sr. Omar Bolivar Ramirez Tejada  Coordinador del Programa  Corporacion Dominicana de Empresas Electricas Estatales  
Sr. Jose Francisco Ramos Frias  Embajada de la República Dominicana en España  
Sra. Ligia Auristela Reid Bonetti  Ministra Consejera  Embajada de la República Dominicana en España  
Sra. Rosa Maria Rijo Jimenez  Directora Ejecutiva  Fundacion Tropigas  
Sr. Roberto Jose Rodriguez Marchena  Director de Comunicaciones  Dirección General de Comunicaciones  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Jose Pascual Rodriguez Muñoz  Jefe de Avanzada Presidencial  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Izarelly Rosillo Pantoja  Asesora  Centro de Estudios de Ambiente y Cambio Climático  Fundación Global Democracia Desarrollo  
Sra. Janina Altagracia Segura Paniagua  Directora Ejecutiva  Direccion  Centro para el Desarrollo Agropecuario y Forestal  
Sra. Nadia Maria Tejeda Guerrero  Gerente de Innovación y Programas Especiales  Fundación Reservas del País  
Sra. Wendy Natacha Tirado Sanchez  Asesora  Fundacion Tropigas  
Sra. Camila Arali Troncoso Comas  Asistente  Ecoturismo Mundial y Proyectos Ambientales C. X A.  
Sra. Natalia Vasquez Guzman  Embajada de la República Dominicana en España  
Sr. Eddy Frank Vasquez Sanchez  Director  Juventud Sostenible  
Sr. Leandro Jose Ventura Peralta  Fotógrafo  Embajada de la República Dominicana en España  
Sr. Ezequiel Manuel Volquez Medina  Director Interinstitucional de Planificación  Vicepresidencia de la República Dominicana  
Ecuador 
Mme Judith Rocio Gonzalez Navas  Presidenta del Comité Interinstitucional Plan Toda una Vida  Comité Interinstitucional Plan Toda una Vida  
Sr. Raúl Clemente Ledesma Huerta  Minister  Ministerio del Ambiente  
H.E. Mr. Lenin Moreno  President  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. José Samuel Valencia Amores  Ministro de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  
Ms. Mireya Munoz  Ambassador, Undersecretary of Multilateral Affairs  Undersecretariat of Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sr. Steven Augusto Petersen Rojas  Subsecretario de Cambio Climático  Subsecretaría de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. Zenaida Dolores Aigaje Quinatoa  Enfermera Presidente  Despacho Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Gabriel Vicente Arroba Soria  Secretario General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Milagros Babon Valdivieso  Intérprete  
Sr. Jaime Santiago Bucheli Cruz  Asesor coordinador  Secretaria General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Jhonny Alberto Calderón Rodríguez  Oficial Adelantado  Seguridad Presidencial  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Mónica Elizabeth Correa Moscoso  Jefa de Protocolo  Departamento de Protocolo  Presidencia de la República  
  
Ecuador (continued) 
Sr. Calderón Mena Diego Patricio  Oficial logístico  Seguridad Presidencial  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Christian Ramiro Espinosa Andrade  Consejero del Servicio Exterior  Embajada del Ecuador en España  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  
Mr. Carlos Arturo Espinosa Gallegos Anda  Director Nacional de Adaptación  Dirección Nacional de Adaptación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. Liz Adriana Giler Villamil  Asesora  Despacho Presidente de la República  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Juan Manuel Hidalgo Briones  Productor Editor  Secretaría General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Andrés Esteban Jácome Barrionuevo  Camarógrafo Oficial  Secretaía General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Carlos Alberto Lema Carrera  Jefe de la Operación Coordinador  Seguridad Presidencial  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. José Heriberto Machillanda Varela  Asesor  Despacho del Ministro  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Mr. Pablo Sebastián Martínez Menduiño  Consejero del Servicio Exterior  Consulado del Ecuador en Madrid  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  
Sr. Wilson Javier Mediavilla Flores  Asistente Presidente  Despacho Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Mr. Paul Alexander Melo Pérez  Especialista de Cambio Climático  Subsecretaría de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sr. Fredy Guillermo Miño Mosquera  Asistente Personal del Presidente  Despacho Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Jonathan Paul Miranda Flores  Fotógrafo Oficial  Secretaría General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Yanina Soledad Mondino  Asesora  Despacho Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Katherine Juliana Morejón Luna  Periodista  Secretaría General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Juan Pablo Narvaez Muñoz  Oficial Avanzado  Seguridad Presidencial  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Carlos Eduardo Noboa Gordon  Coordinador General  Coordinación General Planificación Ambiental y Gestión Estratégica  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. María Veronica Peña Montero  Ministra del Servicio Exterior  Embajada del Ecuador en España  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  
Mr. Daniel Eduardo Peñaranda Buele  Cónsul General en Madrid  Consulado del Ecuador en Madrid  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  
Sra. Mayra Alejandra Quevedo Guerero  Eventos  Secretaría General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Jorge Renato Rivadeneira Escobar  
Protocolo  Protocolo Presidencia de la República  Presidencia de la República  
Mr. Cristobal Fernando Vicente Roldan Cobo  Embajador del Ecuador en España  Embajada del Ecuador en España  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  
Sr. Juan Sebastián Roldán Proaño  Secretario Particular de la Presidencia de la República  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Luis Ramiro Rubio Piedra  Protocolo Presidencia de la República  Presidencia de la República  
Sra. Carla Daniela Sandoval Vinelli  Directora de Planificación e Inversión  Dirección de Planificación e Inversión  Ministerior de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Sr. Carlos Alberto Sarmiento Merecí  Asistente Presidente de la República  Despacho Presidente  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. Christian Santiago Suasnavas Conza  Editor  Secretaría General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Sr. José Antonio Yturralde Villagómez  Tercer Secretario  Subsecretaría de Asuntos Multilaterales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  
Sr. Carlos Nicolás Zambrano Sánchez  Especialista en Adaptación de Cambio Climático  Subsecretaría de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Ambiente  
  
Ecuador (continued) 
Sr. Juan Francisco Zurita Aldás  Producción  Secretaría General de Comunicación  Presidencia de la República  
Egypt 
H.E. Ms. Yassmin Fouad Abdelaziz  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Wael Abuolmagd  Ambassador, Assistant Deputy Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sherif Ibrahim  Focal Point of UNFCCC, Head  Climate Change Central Department  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Mr. Mohamed Omar Mohamed Gad  Minister Plenipotentiary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohamed Ibrahim Nasr  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ayman Tharwat Amin Abdel Aziz  Minister Plenipotentiary  Environment and Sustainable Development Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Amr Abdelaziz  Consultant  
Mr. Ahmed Mohamed Abdelhamid Mohina  Assistant Deputy Minister  Ministry of Electricity and Renewable Energy  
Ms. Mai Abdullah  Member of the House of Representatives  
Mr. Amr Ahmed  Consultant  
Mr. Mamdouh Ahmed  Ministry of Water Resources and Irrigation  
Ms. Mariam Mohamed Abdallah Allam  
Ms. Amira Amin  General Manager  Egypt Air  
Sr. Mohammad Hamdy Darrag  Director  Climate Change Technology Department  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Ms. Taghrid Elayouti  General Manager  Ministry of Electricity and Renewable Energy  
Mr. Ahmed Elsayed  Executive Director  
Ms. Omniah Hegazy  Environmental Researcher  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Ms. Sarah Ibrahim  Second Secretary  Egypt Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Wael Farag Basyouny Kamel Keshk  Director  Clean Development Mechanism  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Mr. Mohamed Khalifa  Member of the House of Representatives  
Mr. Saber Mahmoud Osman  Director  Climate Change Adaption Department  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Mr. Mohamed Osama Atia Ramadan  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Mr. Mohammad Ramadan  Urban Micro Climate Professor  
Mr. Hussein Roshdy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ayman Salah  
Ms. Monika Vera Schlottau  Coordinator  
H.E. Mr. Omar Selim  Ambassador of Egypt to Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Sahar Zayan  Ministry of Agriculture  
El Salvador 
H.E. Mr. Fernado Andrés Lopez Larreynaga  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Sr. Antonio Canas Calderon  Jefe de Gabinete Técnico  Despacho Ministerial  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Adriana Maria Erazo Chica  Chief of Climate Change Unit  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Rafael Maximiliano Figueroa Vanegas  Encargado de Negocios, a.i.  Embassy of El Salvador in Spain  
Ms. Jessica Laguardia  Specialist in Monitoring International Agreements  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Diana Celeste Melendez Huezo  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Luis Antonio Nieto Gonzalez  
Mr. Esteban Alonso Porras Zuñiga  Ministerial Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Sr. Jorge Ernesto Quezada Diaz  Especialista y Punto Focal Nacional REDD+  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Alejandra Samour Santillana  Minister Counsellor  Embassy of El Salvador in Spain  
Ms. Aida Luz Santos de Escobar  Minister Counsellor  Embassy of El Salvador in Spain  
  
El Salvador (continued) 
Mr. Cesar Manuel Turcios Ayestas  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Equatorial Guinea 
Sra. Consolación Natividad Bindang Mba  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Ms. Maria João Carreiro Pereira Rolim  
Ms. Ana Paula Chagas  Climate Change Expert  
Mr. João Dácio De Souza Pereira Rolim  
Mme Amadou Djenabou  
Sr. Mbomio Ngomo Domingo  REDD+ National Focal Point  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Fortunato Eneme Efua  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Mr. Santiago Francisco Engonga Osono  Vice Minister  Ministry of Forest and Environment  
Sr. Pablo Esono Esono Nchama  PFN de Cambio Climático Adjunto  Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Benjamín Evita Oma  Empresario  
Sr. Maximiliano Fero Meñe  Biologo  Universidad Nacional de Guinea Ecuatorial  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sra. Eneme Efua Francisca  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Mr. Marcus Vinicius Freitas dos Santos  Law Director  
Mr. Djombe Guy Lie  Banque de Développement des Etats de l’Afrique Centrale  
Mr. Verhaar Henricus Cornelis Godefridus  
Sr. Pedro Malavo Nsene  Punto Focal Nacional de Cambio Climatico  Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Bernabé Ndong Mba Obono  Primer Consejero de la Embajada de Guinea Ecuatorial en la Embajada en Madrid  
Sr. Fortunato Ofa Mbo Nchama  Presidente del Banco de Desarrollo de África Central  Banque de Développement des Etats de l’Afrique Centrale  
Sr. Ilidio Mebulo Mohete  
Mr. Jean Pateme Mekne Ekoga  Banque de Développement des Etats de l’Afrique Centrale  
Mr. Eduardo Enrique Murat Hinojosa  
Mr. Gabriel Ngua Ayecaba  Director General de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  Gobierno  
Sr. Clarencio Ndong Nguema Obono  Periodista  
Sr. Álvaro Lorenzo Nsolo Maye  
H.E. Mr. Atanasio Ela Ntugu Nsa  Vocal Primero  Senado  
S.E. Sr. Carlos Eyi Obama Nzang  Senador  Senado  
Sr. Guillermo Pastor Orbe Arencibia  Asesor Técnico de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Alfredo Owono Owono Nchama  
Sr. Alfaro Pelico Raúl Iván  Economista  Banco Mundial  
Ms. Montserrat Salazar Gamboa  
Mr. Rodrigo Valandro Sluminsky  
Ms. Juliana Lopes Vendrami  
Eritrea 
Mr. Mogos Woldeyohannes Bairu  Director-General  Department of Environment  Ministry of Land, Water and Environment  
Mr. Estifanos Bein Manna  Biodiversity Technical Advisor  Environment  Ministry of Land, Water and Environment  
Mr. Kibrom Asmerom Weldegebriel  Director  Ministry of Land, Water and Environment  
Estonia 
H.E. Mr. Jüri Ratas  Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia  
Mr. Rene Kokk  Minister of the Environment, Estonia  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Kadri Sipp  Adviser  Climate Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Getlyn Denks  Head of Department  Climate Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Yoko Alender  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Estonia  
  
Estonia (continued) 
Ms. Annela Anger-Kraavi  Adviser  Estonian Environment Agency  
Mr. Veikko Kala  Foreign Policy Adviser to the Prime Minister  Government Office of Estonia  
Ms. Katre Kets  Adviser  Climate Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Kristi Klaas  Deputy Secretary General  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hannu Lamp  Adviser  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Kersti Liivorg  Senior Officer  European Union and International Co-Operation Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Johannes Merilai  Head of the Prime Minister’s Office  Government Office of Estonia  
Ms. Cris-Tiina Pärn  Adviser  Estonian Environmental Research Institute  
Ms. Keit Pentus-Rosimannus  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Estonia  
Ms. Liisi Poll  Media Adviser to the Government  Government Office of Estonia  
H.E. Ms. Mariin Ratnik  Ambassador  Estonian Embassy in Madrid  
Eswatini 
H.E. Ms. Thulisile Dladla  Minister for Foreign Affairs  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Emmanuel Dumisani Dlamini  Principal Secretary  Ministry of Tourism and Environmental Affairs  
Mr. Moses M. Vilakati  Minister  Ministry of Tourism and Environmental Affairs  Government  
Ms. Constance Dlamini  Legal Advisor  Ministry of Tourism and Environmental Affairs  
Mr. Mduduzile Joseph Matsebula  Prime Minster Office  
Mr. Christian Muzie Nkambule  
Mr. Fong-kun Chen  
Mr. Jui-an Cheng  Government  
Ms. Khetsiwe Khumalo  Climatologist  Swaziland Meteorological Services  
Mr. Sibusiso Arthur Ngubane  Video journlist  News Department  Eswatini Television Authority  
Ms. Temnotfo Nkambule  
Mr. Fan Victor Nxumalo  Prime Minster Office  
Ms. Zanele Eugenia Nxumalo  
Ms. Joanna Patouris  Masters Student  Environmental Studies  ACT Alliance  
Ethiopia 
Mr. Fekadu Beyene Aleka  Commissioner  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Negus Lemma Gebre  Director General  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Gebru Jember Endalew  Program Coordinator  Global Green Growth Institute  
Mr. Mensur Dessie Nuri  Director  Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
H.E. Ms. Abebaye Gezahegne Feyera  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Muluneh Gebremariam Hedeto  Climate Change Negotiator  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Binyam Yakob Gebreyes  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Zerihun Getu Mekuria  CRGE Facility Coordinator  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Yonas Getahun Assefa  Director  UN Agencies, CRGE Facility and Regional Economic Cooperation Directorate  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Asaye Ketema Sekie  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Yitebitu Moges Abebe  National Focal Point to REDD+  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Satishkumar Belliethathan  Center for Environmental Sciences  Addis Ababa University  
Mr. Girma Amente Nono  Department Head  
Mr. Ayele Hegena Anabo  Director General for Policy, Law and Standards  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Belayneh Ayele Anteneh  Director General, Environment, Forest and Wildlife Protection and Development Authority  Amhara National Regional State, Environmental Protection, Land Administration and Use Authority  
  
Ethiopia (continued) 
Ms. Belaynesh Birru Aragaw  Head of Environmental Unit  Ministry of Water, Irrigation and Electricity  
Mr. Tesfaye Abate Aragaw  
Mr. Didha Dirriba Ayane  
Mr. Mechael Werdofa Balcha  
Ms. Yamelakesira Tamene Bekele  Director, Technology Transfer and Technical Support Directorate  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Kinfe Hailemariam Beyene  Deputy Director for Meteorology Electronics Station  National Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Negeri Lencho Bultum  Head, Oromia Environment, Forest and Climate Change Authority  
Mr. Benti Firdissa Dugassa  
Ms. Kibebework Getachew Eshete  
Mr. Mohammed Andoshe Faynet  Director, Climate Change Planning Implementation and Verification Coordination Directorate  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Bemnet Teshome Gebreyes  
Mr. Adenew Feleke Geda  
Mr. Bona Yadessa Gemeda  
Ms. Tirhas Mebrahtu Hindeya  Forest Fund Mobilization and Carbon Support Director  Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Climate Change  
Mr. Daba Debele Hunde  
Mr. Sheleme Emana Jigssa  
Ms. Simret Tefere Leggese  
Ms. Mahlet Eyassu Melkie  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Tesfaye Gonfa Negassa  REDD Program Coordinator  OFWE  
Mr. Samuel Kekebo Oda  Head  Natural Resource and 
Environmental Protection Authority  
Mr. Asrat Yirgu Senato  International Institute for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Jobir Ayalew Senbeta  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Berhanu Assefa Seyoum  Director, Environment and Climate Change Coordination Directorate  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Desalegn Hunde Shuno  
Ms. Tigist Alemu Taye  
Ms. Lensa Fetene Tesema  
Mr. Habtamu Adam Worku  
Mr. Tesfaye Gashaw Yeshanew  Director, Public Relation Direcotrate  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
European Union 
H.E. Mr. David Maria Sassoli  President  European Parliament  
H.E. Mr. Charles Michel  President  European Council  
H.E. Ms. Ursula von Der Leyen  President  European Commission  
Mr. Frans Timmermans  First Vice-president  European Green Deal and Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Raffaele Mauro Petriccione  Director-General  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Jacob Werksman  Head of Delegation - Lead Negotiator  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Valdis Dombrovskis  Executive Vice-President  European Commission  
Mr. Josep Borrell  High Representative/Vice 
President-designate  European Union External Action Service  
Ms. Kadri Simson  Commissioner  Energy  European Commission  
Mr. Virginijus Sinkevicius  Commissioner  Environment, Oceans and Fisheries  European Commission  
Ms. Yvon Slingenberg  Director  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Elina Bardram  Head of Unit  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Dimitrios Zevgolis  Deputy Head of Delegation  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Luca Jahier  President  European Economic and Social Committee  
Ms. Isabel Caño Aguilar  Vice-president  European Economic and Social Committee  
Mr. Markku Markkula  1st Vice-President  European Committee of the Regions  
Mr. Bas Eickhout  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Peter Liese  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Christophe Hansen  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
  
European Union (continued) 
Ms. Pernille Wiss Weiss  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Hildegard Bentele  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Jytte Guteland  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Mohammed Chahim  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Nicolás González Casares  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Evin Incir  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Nils Torvalds  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Morten Helveg Petersen  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Yannick Jadot  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Sylvia Limmer  Member of the Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Jadwiga Wisniewska  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Michael Wallace  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Idoia Villanueva Ruiz  Member of the European 
Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Jeppe Tranholm-Mikkelsen  Secretary General  Council of the European Union  
Mr. Jean-Noël Verfaillie  2nd Vice-Chair  ENVE Commission  European Committee of the Regions  
Mr. Francisco Fonseca Morillo  Head of European Commission Representation Spain  European Commission Representation Spain  European Commission  
Mr. Lorenzo Mannelli  Head of Cabinet  Cabinet Sassoli  European Parliament  
Mr. François Roux  Head of Cabinet of the President of the European Council  European Council  
Mr. Jaime Duch Guillot  Director General  Directorate General for Communication  European Parliament  
Mr. Daniel Calleja Crespo  Director-General  DG Environment  European Commission  
Mr. Olivier Guersent  Director General  Financial Stability, Financial Services and Capital Markets Union  EU Commission  
Ms. Ditte Juul-Joergensen  Director General  DG Energy  European Commission  
Mr. Stefano Grassi  Head of Cabinet  Cabinet Simson  European Commission  
Mr. Diederik Samsom  Head of Cabinet  Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
Mr. Patrick Child  Deputy Director General  
DG RTD  European Commission  
Mr. Hans Bruyninckx  Executive Director  European Environment Agency  
Mr. Nereo Penalver Garcia  Adviser  Cabinet Borrell  European Union External Action Service  
Mr. Cibrán Fernández Silva  Advisor  European Council  
Mr. Marc Vanheukelen  Ambassador  European Union External Action Service  
Mr. Jochen Müeller  Deputy Head of European Commission Representation Spain  European Commission Representation Spain  European Commission  
Mr. Nicolas de La Grandville  Chief of Protocol  Secretariat-General  European Commission  
Mr. Artur Runge-Metzger  Director  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Beatriz Yordi Aguirre  Director  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Carla Montesi  Director  DG International Cooperation and Development  European Commission  
Ms. Veronika Veits  Director  DG for Maritime Affairs and Fisheries  European Commission  
Mr. Jean-François Bence  Director  European Economic and Social Committee  
Mr. Frédéric Bernard  Diplomatic Advisor  European Council  
  
European Union (continued) 
Ms. Ragnheidur Roubineau  Deputy Head of Protocol  Council of the European Union  
Ms. Sarah Blau  Head of Unit  European Parliament  
Mr. Patrik Kolar  Head of Department  EASME  
Ms. Eva Jensen  Head of Programme  European Environment Agency  
Ms. Aliette Carre  Member of Cabinet  European Parliament  
Ms. Andrea Maceiras Castro  Member of Cabinet  European Parliament  
Mr. Francesco Miatto  Member of Cabinet  European Parliament  
Ms. Fabrizia Panzetti  Member of Cabinet  European Parliament  
Ms. Beate Rambow  Member of Cabinet  European Parliament  
Mr. Anthony Agotha  Member of Cabinet  Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
Ms. Laure Chapuis  Member of Cabinet  Cabinet Simson  European Commission  
Mr. Jens Alexander Flosdorff  Strategic Communication  Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Ms. Elina Melngaile  Member of Cabinet  Cabinet Dombrovskis  European Commission  
Ms. Carmen Preising  Member of Cabinet  Cabinet Sinkevicius  European Commission  
Ms. Damyana Stoynova-Pai  Member of Cabinet  
Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
Mr. Kurt Vandenberghe  Member of Cabinet  Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Mr. Barend Leyts  Spokesperson  European Council  
Mr. Tim McPhie  Spokesperson  DG Communication  European Commission  
Ms. Vanessa Dunya Dolan - Mock  Communications Advisor  Cabinet Dombrovskis  European Commission  
Mr. Brian Kerstetter  Communications Advisor  European Council  
Ms. Annikky Lamp  Communication Advisor  Cabinet Simson  European Commission  
Ms. Esther Osorio Jaramillo  Communication Adviser  Cabinet Borrell  European Union External Action Service  
Ms. Silvia Cannalire  Official  European Parliament  
Ms. Nina Neumann  Official  European Parliament  
Ms. Emma Soto Renou  Official  European Parliament  
Ms. Marie Claire Uwizera  Official  European Parliament  
Mr. Jacob Vries  Official  Council of the European Union  
Mr. Jaroslaw Pietras  Official  Council of the European Union  
Mr. Philippe Lefébure  Official  Council of the European Union  
Mr. Etienne Ansotte  Official Photographer  
Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Ms. Lauma Buka  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Cristina Carreiras  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Nicola Di Pietrantonio  Official  DG International Cooperation and Development  European Commission  
Mr. Germán Esteban Muñiz  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Olivia Gippner  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Lucas González Ojeda  Responsible Press & Communication  European Commission Representation in Spain  European Commission  
Mr. Martin Hession  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Narcis Paulin Jeler  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Olivier Juvyns  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Martin Kaspar  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Aristea-Zoi Koutra  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
  
European Union (continued) 
Ms. Laura Maanavilja-Montenot  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Martin Mitov  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Marta Olender  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Miles Perry  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Jorge Pinto Antunes  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Zoltán Rakonczay  Official  DG Research and innovation  European Commission  
Ms. Isabel Rodríguez-Toquero  Head of Protocol  European Commission Representation in Spain  European Commission  
Mr. Niels Schuster  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Alessandra Sgobbi  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Anja Türkan  Social Media Officer  Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Mr. Ismo Ulvila  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Ioannis Virvilis  Responsible Press and Communication  European Communication 
Representation in Spain  European Commission  
Ms. Signe Vikaer Leth Olsen  Official  European Union External Action Service  
Mr. Ricardo Fernandez  Project Manager  Climate Change Mitigation and Energy  European Environment Agency  
Mr. Andrzej Malinowski  Member of the EESC  European Economic and Social Committee  
Mr. Lutz Ribbe  European Economic and Social Committee  
Mr. Peter Schmidt  Member of the EESC  European Economic and Social Committee  
Mr. Andries Gryffroy  Member  ENVE Commission  European Committee of the Regions  
Mr. Tjisse Stelpstra  Member  ENVE Commission  European Committee of the Regions  
Ms. Benedetta Brighenti  CoR Alternate Member  ENVE Commission  European Committee of the Regions  
Ms. Estela Pineiro Kruik  Official  Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
Ms. Styliani Karavazaki  Policy Assistant  Cabinet Sinkevicius  European Commission  
Ms. Ilona Billaux-Koman  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Marie Bondu  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Samuele Fischetti  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Daredjane Greiner  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Natacha Leclef  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Helena De Boer  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. María Andrés Marín  Responsible for Institutional Affairs  Liaison Office in Spain  European Parliament  
Mr. Sergio Pinheiro  CDNTV  
Mr. Herwig Ranner  Official  DG Agriculture and Rural Development  European Commission  
Fiji 
H.E. Mr. Josaia Voreqe Bainimarama  Prime Minister  
Mr. Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum  Attorney-General  
Mr. Shea Jameson Agnew  
Ms. Nazia Ali  
Ms. Manisha Ali  
Ms. Maria Makitalena Bainimarama  Hon Prime Minister’s Spouse  
Mr. Prashant Chandra  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Semi Dranibaka  Director Research and Planning  
Mr. Isireli Goneduadua Dugu  
  
Fiji (continued) 
Mr. Misaeli Mavoa Funaki  Mr.  Meteorology  
Mr. Taniel Gavidi  
Mr. Leveni Taholo Kami  
Mr. Yogesh Jitendra Karan  Permanent Secretary  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Shivani Sneha Karan  
Ms. Makereta Konrote  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Shayal Pooja Kumar  Climate Change  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Shivanal Kumar  
Mr. Daniel Jerome Lund  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Jeanette Samantha Mani  Third National Communication Coordinator  Climate Change and International Cooperation  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Tekini Gusuivalu Nakidakida  
Mr. Vineil Narayan  
Mr. Otto William Navunicagi  
Mr. Nilesh Prakash  Head of Climate Change and International Cooperation  
Mr. Bipendra Prakash  
Mr. Satyendra Prasad  
Mr. Kushaal Kirtesh Raj  
Ms. Miliame Teru Raqisia  Executive Support to Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Moceiwai Salaseini Likubuli  Department of Information  
Ms. Sunishma Veeyashma Singh  
Ms. Caitlin Marie Smith  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. David Solvalu  
Ms. Deborah Lynn Sue  Forestry  
Mr. Christian Zachary Theuer  
Ms. Nanise Kuridrani Tuqiri  
Mr. Amenatave Yauvoli  Director General  
Finland 
H.E. Ms. Krista Mikkonen  Minister of the Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Outi Honkatukia  Chief Negotiator for Climate Change  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Terhi Lehtonen  State Secretary  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
H.E. Ms. Tiina Jortikka-Laitinen  Ambassador  Embassy of Finland in Madrid  
Ms. Hanna-Leena Lampi  Counsellor  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Elias Hurmekoski  Senior Specialist  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Janne Mänttäri  Senior Specialist  Ministry of Transport and Communications  
Mr. Mikko Paloneva  Senior Specialist  Ministry of the Employment and Economy  
Ms. Johanna Lahti  Legal Officer  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Johanna Pietikäinen  Program Officer  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Hanna-Mari Ahonen  Desk Officer  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Viivi Kuvaja  Specialist, EU Affairs  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sara Tuxen  First Secretary  Embassy of Finland in Madrid  
Mr. Kimmo Tiilikainen  State Secretary  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Niina Nurkkala  Special Adviser  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Pekka Morén  Senior Ministerial Adviser  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Eeli Jaakkola  Financial Adviser  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Milja Keskinen  Senior Specialist  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Ms. Ulla Rosenström  Chief Specialist  Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Leena Ylä-Mononen  Director General  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Riikka Yliluoma  Special Adviser  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Marjo Nummelin  Ministerial Adviser  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Paula Perälä  Ministerial Adviser  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Karoliina Anttonen  Senior Legal Officer  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Jatta Jämsén  Senior Specialist  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Laura Sarlin  Senior Specialist  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Marianne Leino  Specialist, EU Affairs  Ministry of the Environment  
  
Finland (continued) 
Ms. Saija Vuola  Ministerial Adviser  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Taru Savolainen  Senior Specialist  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Riikka Lamminmäki  Haad of Communications  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Kristiina Nieminen  Planning Officer  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Eero Jalava  Specialist  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Katariina Kovalainen  Assistant  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Jaana Nuorteva  Assistant  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Wilhelmiina Ojanperä  Specialist, EU Affairs  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment  
Ms. Reetta Palojoensuu  Specialist, EU Affairs  Ministry of Defence  
Ms. Noomi Saarinen  Specialist, EU Affairs  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment  
Ms. Johanna Vanhatalo  Specialist, EU Affairs  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Ms. Riitta Pipatti  Senior Adviser  Statistics Finland  
Mr. Juhana Vartiainen  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Finland  
Ms. Teija Miller  Senior Counsel  Parliament of Finland  
Mr. Tuomas Aslak Juuso  The Second Vice President  Sámi Parliament in Finland  
Ms. Inka Saara Arttijeff  Secretary for International Affairs  Saami Parliament in Finland  
Ms. Marja Järvelä  Professor Emerita  University of Jyvaskyla  
Ms. Leila Kurki  Senior Adviser  Finnish Confederation of Professionals  
Mr. Anssi Kainulainen  Energy Specialist  Central Union of Agricultural Producers and Forest Owners (MTK)  
Ms. Mia Rahunen  Climate Specialist  WWF - Finland  
Ms. Enni Iida Vilhelmiina Kallio  Policy Adviser, climate  Suomalaiset kehitysjärjestöt - Finnish Development NGOs Fingo ry  
Ms. Tuuli Hietaniemi  Specialist  Finnish Innovation Fund  
Ms. Tarja Tuomainen  Senior Scientist  Natural Resources Institute Finland  
Mr. Matti Nummelin  Counsultant  Commelina Oy  
Ms. Tuulia Hakamäki  Project Director  Factor Nova Oy  
Ms. Krista Westerlund  Event Producer  Factor Nova Oy  
France 
S.E. M. Eduardo Philippe  Premier Ministre  
Mme Elisabeth Borne  Ministre  Cabinet du ministère de la transition écologique et solidaire  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
S.E. Mme Brune Poirson  Secrétaire d’Etat Auprès du 
Ministre d’Etat  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
S.E. Mme Brigitte Collet  Ambassadrice pour le Climat  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires .trangères  
M. Laurent Fabius  Président du Conseil Constitutionnel  
Mme Alice Allouc  
M. Jean-Michel Casa  
M. Paul Watkinson  Chair of SBSTA  Direction des Affaires Européennes et Internationales  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mr. Pierre Henri Guignard  Ambassadeur  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Francesco Gaeta  Directeur de la DAEI  Direction des affaires européennes et internationales  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Yasser Abdoulhoussen  
M. Laurent Aumercier  
M. François Benas  MTES  
M. Loic Besson  
Mme Aurore Bivas  Ministère de l’Economie et des Finances  
Mme Shanti Bobin  
M. Christophe Bouillon  
Mme Stéphanie Bouziges-Eschman  Agence Française de Développement (AFD)  Fonds Français pour l’Environnement Mondial  
Ms. Marine Braud  
  
France (continued) 
M. Eric Brun  ONERC  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Arnaud Buissé  
Mme Léa Caboche  
M. Laurent Caillierez  Chargé de Mission  Ademe  
Mme Thibaut Camille  
M. Damien Carles  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Damien Caze  
M. Michel Cermak  
Mme Zélia Cesarion  
Mme Valérie Champeau  
M. Aymeric Chassaing  Conseiller communication et médias  Ministère des transports  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Guillaume Chevrollier  Sénat  
Mme Nina Chini  DAEI  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Cécile Choley  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Yvon Chupin  MTMM  
M. Florian Claeys  Ministère de l’Agriculture et de l’Alimentation  
M. Cédric Clin  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Jean-christophe Cortesse  
Mme Stéphanie Croguennec  DAEI  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Patrice Czarnecki  Ministère de la Transition Écologique et Social  
M. Ronan Dantec  Sénat  
M. Florian David  
Mme Deborah De Lieme  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Elise Debattisti  
M. Bernard Deflesselles  Assemblée Nationale  
M. Olivier Dekerle  
M. Philippe Deletain  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Elise Delgoulet  DAEI/BCCME  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Donger Delphine  FFEM - Fonds Français pour l’environnement mondial  Agence Française de Développement  
Mme Valérie Dermaux  Ministère de l’Agriculture et de l’Alimentation  
M. Vinciguerra Dominique  Conseil Constitutionnel  
M. Edouard Dossetto  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Nicolas Dubus  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Philippine Dunan  
Mme Clarisse Durand  DAEI  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme France Durocher  
M. Eddy Eon  
Mme Janique Etienne  Chargé de projets Villes durables, Eaux internationales, Polluants chimique  FFEM  French Delegation  
Ms. Delphine Eyraud  Direction des Affaires Europeennes et Internationales  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Paul Goumillou  
Mme Léa Guillebaud  
M. Patrice Guillermet  MTMM  
M. Pierre Guillot  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Hélèna Hadjur  Jeunes Déléguées  
M. Mohamed Hamrouni  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Nastassja Hoffet  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Jean Jouzel  President  Société Météorologique de France  
Mme Laurence Jude  Interprete  
Mr. Grzegorz Kozlowski  Interpreter  Freelancer  
Mr. Philippe Lacoste  Directeur du développement durable  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Brice Lalonde  Senior Adviser  
M. Aymeric Lang  Chef de Cabinet  Cabinet de la Ministre de la Transition écologique et solidaire  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Pierre Larrouturou  
M. Alex Lavaud  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
  
France (continued) 
Mme Nicole Le Peih  Assemblée Nationale  
M. Hervé Le Treut  Scientifique Ipsl  
M. Nicolas Leconte  
M. Gautier Lekens  
Mme Emma Letellier  DAEI  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Brian Levardon  
M. Bertrand Lortholary  
M. Louis Loubriat  DAEI  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Michael Marais  
M. Stephen Marchisio  
Mr. Marc-Antoine Martin  
M. Guillaume Martin  
M. Hervé Maurey  Sénat  
Mme Lydia Meyer  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Damien Navizet  Chef de la Division Climat  AFD  
M. Laurent Neyret  
M. Pierre Nguyen-Ba  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mr. Dimitar Nikov  Direction Générale de l’Energie et du Climat  
Mme Clara Paez  
M. Stéphane Pailler  sous-directeur de l’environnement et du climat  CLEN  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Judith Pastor Blanco  
Mme Lou Perpes  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Flore Petit  Animation Pavillon, Accréditations  DAEI  MTES  
Mme Sylvia Clara Pilisi  Interprete  
M. Gwenaël Podesta  Policy Advisor  DGEC  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Angèle Preville  Sénat  
M. Alix Prevost  
Mme Eleanor Regin  
M. Benjamin Rey  
M. Dominique Richard  Agence Française de Développement  
M. Rémy Rioux  Directeur Général  DGL  Agence Française de Développement  
M. Yann Rivoal  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Thomas Rossignol  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Maina Sage  
Mme Claire Saint-Marc  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
M. Arthur Saraiva Ferreira  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Frederic Schafferer  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et Solidaire  
Mme Ericka Schnepf  Chargée de Mission Logistique Évenementielle  
M. Pierre-Christian Soccoja  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Bernard Soulage  Secrétaire Général de Climate Chance  Climate Chance  
Mme Valentine Tedo  
Mme Viviane Treves  Ministère de l’Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Murielle Trouillet  Chef de Projet 4/1000  Ministère de l’Agriculture et de l’Alimentation  
M. Bruno Uthurralt  
M. Philippe Wen  Ministère de l’Economie et des Finances  
M. Marcelo Wesfried  
Gabon 
S.E. M. Lee James Taylor White  Minister  Ministère des Eaux et Forêt de la Mer de l’Environnement chargé du Plan Climat et du Plan d’Affectation des Terres  Gouvernement du Gabon  
M. Tanguy Gahouma-Bekale  Conseiller Spécial du Président de la République Secrétaire Permanent  Conseil National Climat  Présidence de la République  
Mme Selam Kidane Abebe  African Group of Negotiator  
M. Kamal Djemouai  African Group of Negociator  
Mme Guilaine Kedjino Omanda  Conseiller en Communication  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts, de la Mer, de l’Environnement Chargé du Plan Climat et du Plan d’Affectation des Terres  
  
Gabon (continued) 
Mme Jocia Carmella Mbadinga Mbadinga  Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations  
Mr. Lionel Ricky Memini Ondo  Assistant  
M. Wilfried Morau  Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations  
Mr. Stanislas Stephen Mouba Olouna  Conseiller du Président de la République, Point Focal Adjoint CCNUCC  Conseil National Climat  Présidence de la République  
S.E. M. Patrick Arthur Moukala  Ambassadeur  Ambassade du Gabon en Espagne  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Genevieve Sabrina Ngambiande Bouchard  Presidency of Republic  National Climate Council  
Mme Anaëlle Farah Raoumbé Djendja  Chargée de Mission  Conseil National Climat  Presidency  
M. Michael Ronoubigouwa Ambouroue Avaro  Expert  Conseil National Climat  
Gambia 
H.E. Mr. Lamin B. Dibba  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Climate and Natural Resources  
Mr. Alpha A.K. Jallow  Meteorologist  Department of Water Resources  Ministry of Lands, Environment, Climate Change and Natural Resources  
Mr. Bubacarr Zaidi Jallow  Principal Climate Change Officer  Government  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Water and Wildlife  
Ms. Isatou Camara  Principal Development Planner  Directorate of Development Planning  Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs  
Ms. Aji Oulaye Njie  Climate Change Specialist  Ministry of Agriculture  Nema Chosso Project  
Ms. Fatou Ndeye Gaye  Consultant  Personal  
Ms. Sandra Greiner  Fellow  Non Governmental  Global Public Policy Institute  
Ms. Brianna Craft  Researcher  IIED  Non Governmental  
Mr. Saikou K Sanyang  Permanent secretary  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Natural Resources  Governmental  
Ms. Sharaban Tahura Zaman  
Mr. Bakary Jammeh  Assistant Climate Change Officer  Nema-Chosso Project  Governmental  
Mr. Subhi Barakat  Senior Researcher  IIED  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Cherno Ebrima Jallow  University of The Gambia  Governmental  
Mr. Kemo Fatty  Member  Climate Watch, Green up Gambia  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Dodou Trawally  Director, Technical Service Network  National Environment Agency  
Mr. Malang Sambou  Chairman, Mbolo Association  Mbolo Association  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Muntaga Momodou Sallah  Permanent Secretary  Office of the President  Governmental  
Ms. Mariama Ndow Jarju  Deputy CPCU coordinator  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Natural Resources  Governmental  
Mr. Bai Ibrahim Cham  Reporter  Gambia Radio and Television Services  Governmental  
Mr. : Severin Roald  Director  Statkraft  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Momodou B.K. Ceesay  Regional Coordinator  NDMA  Governmental  
Ms. Oulaye Camara  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Energy  Governmental  
Mr. Almamy Camara  Programme Specialist  United Nations Development Programme  UN Agency  
Mr. Malang Darboe  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Fisheries, Water Resources & NAM  Governmental  
Ms. Tenneh Kabbah  Kabbah  EBAFOSA  Non Governmental Organization  
Ms. Emily Atieno Ojoo Massawa  
Mr. Ahmed Aderibigbe Salami  President Ebafosa  Ebafosa Gambia  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Doreen Stabinsky  
  
Gambia (continued) 
Mr. Kawsu Barrow  Disaster Officer  National Disaster Management Agency  Governmental  
Mr. Musa Batchilly  Board Member  Green-Up Gambia  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Ebrima K. S. Dampha  Regional Governor  Ministry of Local Governments and Regional Integration  Governmental  
Mr. Debora Monteiro Esposito  Legal Advisor  
Mr. Lamin Fatty  Principal Fiscal Officer  Budget Directorate  Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs  
Ms. Estelle Florance Gbenou  Vice President  ESG Foundation  Non Governmental Organization  
Ms. Sejal Patel  LIFE-SR Coordinator  IIED  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Abdoulie Puye  Budget Officer  Ministry Of Finance & Economic Affairs  Government of Gambia  
Ms. Erin Louise Roberts  Student Researcher  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Saibo Drammeh  Councilor Gambia Embassy in Madrid  The Gambia Embassy in Spain  Governmental  
Georgia 
Ms. Nino Tandilashvili  Deputy Minister of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  
Ms. Nino Tkhilava  Head Of Environment And Climate Change  Environment and Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  
Mr. Kakhaberi Mdivani  Head of Climate Change Division  Environment and Climate Change Departmetn  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  
Ms. Maia Tskhvaradze  Chief Specialist  Environmental and Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  
Mr. George John Gigounas  Environmental Law  DLA Piper  
Mr. Jesse Colin Medlong  Associate Attorney  Litigation  DLA Piper  
Mr. Alec Jan H. Van Vaerenbergh  Lead Lawyer  Litigation & Regulatory  DLA Piper  
Ms. Natia Beridze  International Relations and Public Relations Division  National Environmental Agency  
Mr. Irakli Gigauri  Counselor  
Mr. Ilia Giorgadze  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Georgia to the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Irakli Kipiani  
Ms. Helen Mdivani  First Counselor  Embassy of Georgia in Spain  
Germany 
H.E. Ms. Svenja Schulze  Minister  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Jochen Flasbarth  State Secretary  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Karsten Sach  Director General  Climate Policy, European and International Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Nicole Wilke  Chief Negotiator  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Wolfgang Dold  Ambassador  German Embassy Madrid  
Ms. Miriam Ott  Deputy Head of Division  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
H.E. Ms. Rita Schwarzeluehr-Sutter  Parliamentary State Secretary  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Bettina Hagedorn  Parliamentary State Secretary  Budget  Federal Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Elisabeth Winkelmeier-Becker  Parliamentary State Secretary  Federal Ministry of Economics and Energy  
Ms. Maria Flachsbarth  Parliamentary State Secretary  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
  
Germany (continued) 
Ms. Michaela Hildegard Spaeth  Director for Energy and Climate Policy, Economic Affairs and Human Rights, International Labour Rights and Issues  Directorate-General for Economic Affairs and Sustainable Development  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Ingrid-Gabriela Hoven  Director General  Global Issues - Sector Policies and Programmes  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Norbert Gorissen  Deputy Director General  International Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Regine Sigrid Zylka  Deputy Director General  Press, Communication  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Heike Henn  Deputy Director General  Commissioner for Climate policy and Climate Financing  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Ulrike Hoefken  Minister  Ministry for Environment, Energy, Food and Forestry  
Mr. Michael Pollmann  Secretary of State  Ministry for Environment, Energy, Food and Forestry  
Ms. Lisa Badum  Member of the German Parliament  BÜNDNIS 90/ DIE GRÜNEN  German Parliament  
Mr. Lorenz Goesta Beutin  Member of the German Parliament  DIE LINKE  German Parliament  
Mr. Oliver Grundmann  Member of the German Parliament  
CDU/CSU  German Parliament  
Mr. Karsten Hilse  Member of the German Parliament  AfD  German Parliament  
Mr. Lukas Koehler  Member of the German Parliament  FDP  German Parliament  
Ms. Sylvia Kotting-Uhl  Member of the German Parliament  BÜNDNIS 90/DIE GRÜNEN  German Parliament  
Mr. Klaus Mindrup  Member of the German Parliament  SPD  German Parliament  
Mr. Karsten Moering  Member of the German Parliament  CDU/CSU  German Parliament  
Mr. Michael Thews  Member of the German Parliament  SPD  German Parliament  
Ms. Anja Weisgerber  Member of the German Parliament  CDU/CSU  German Parliament  
Mr. Franz Untersteller  Minister of the Environment, Climate Protection and the Energy Secotr, State of Baden-Württemberg  
Mr. Christoph Wolfrum  Minister  German Embassy Madrid  
Mr. Philipp Behrens  Head of Division  IK I 6  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Anja Betker  Personal Assistant of the State Secretary  Office of the State Secretary  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Mechthild Caspers  Head of Division  
Precautionary Soil Conservation,Peatland Conservation; Biological Diversity and Climate Change  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Nikolai Fichtner  Head of Division, Spokesperson  Press  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Silke Karcher  Head of Division  EU Climate and Energy Policy, European Climate Initiative, Carbon markets  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Melanie Klussmann  Head of Division  International Affairs and Protocol  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Susan Krohn  Head of Division  Financing International Climate Action and and Environmental Protection, Multilateral Development Banks  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Vera Rodenhoff  Head of Division  International Cooperation on Environment, Energy and Cities; OECD and OECD-Countries  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Ilka Wagner  Head of Division  Nature Conservation  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
  
Germany (continued) 
Mr. Helge Pols  Head of Group Climate-Friendly Mobility  General Policy Affairs  Federal Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Martin Kipping  Deputy Head of Division  Climate Initiatives  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Martin Schuldes  Head of Division  Climate initiatives  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Karsten Krause  Head of Department  Climate Protection and Energy  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Frank Wolke  Head of Section  Emissions Reduction Projects  German Environment Agency  
Ms. Christiane Textor  Head of German IPCC Coordination Office  German IPCC Coordination Office  German Aerospace Center - DLR Project Management Agency  
Mr. Benjamin Bittermann  Policy Officer  Financing International Climate Action and Environmental Protection, Multilateral Development Banks  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Milan Dehnen  Desk Officer  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Dani Jackson  Policy Officer  Environment and transport, electromobility  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Thomas Forth  Advisor to the Ministry  EU Climate and Energy Policy, European Climate Initiative, Carbon Markets  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Anastasia Guretskaya  Personal Assistant of the Parliamentary State Secretary  Parliamentary State Secretary Office  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Stephan Gabriel Haufe  Policy Officer  Press  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Claudia Keller  Policy Officer  Financing International Climate Action and and Environmental Protection, Multilateral Development Banks  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Anne-Lise Koch Lavisse  Policy Officer  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Rocio Lichte  Advisor to the Ministry  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Cornelia Marschel  Personal Assistant  Minister Office  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Maika Mueller  Advisor to the Ministry  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Thomas Reidel  Policy Officer  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Lisa Katharina Schmid  Policy Officer  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Sarah Zuegel  Policy Officer  Financing International Climate Action and Environmental Protection, Multilateral Development Banks  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Dirk Kramer  Policy Officer  Financial Market Policy  Federal Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Jacqueline Rothfels  Senior Economist  Economic and Fiscal Policy Strategy; International Economy and Finance  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Michael Büchl  Policy Officer  Climate Protection, Emission Trading, International Enviromental Policy  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy  
Mr. Toni Glaser  Policy Officer  International energy policy  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy  
Mr. Dennis Gremm  Advisor  Office of Parliamentary State Secretary Elisabeth Winkelmeier-Becker  Federal Ministry of Economics and Energy  
  
Germany (continued) 
Mr. Karsten Hess  Policy Advisor  Global Change - Climate, Biodiversity  Federal Ministry for Education and Research  
Mr. Lars Becker  Senior Policy Officer  PStS’in-F  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Sebastian Forsch  Senior Policy Officer  Climate Financing  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Nicolas von Kalm  Senior Policy Officer  Climate Financing  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Christoph Freiherr von Stechow  Senior Policy Officer  Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Dirk Guenther  Policy Adviser  Emissions Situation  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Karsten Karschunke  Scientific Officer  Emission Reduction Projects, DNA, DFP  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Juergen Landgrebe  Head of Devision  Climate Protection, Energy, German Emissions Trading Authority (DEHSt)  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Konrad Raeschke-Kessler  Policy Officer  Emission Reduction Projects, DNA, DFP  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Christian Tietz  Policy Adviser  Climate Protection  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Oscar Zarzo Fuertes  Policy Adviser  Emissions Situation  German Environment Agency  
Ms. Katrin Barth  Ministry for Environment, Energy, Food and Forestry  
Mr. Viktor Haase  Head of Department  Sustainable Development, Climate Change, Green Economy  Ministry for the Environment, Conservation, Agriculture and Consumer Protection of the State of North Rhine-Westfalia  
Ms. Eva Ursula Müller  Director General  Director General for Forest, Sustainability and Renewable Resources  Federal Ministry for Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection  
Ms. Mareike Well  Desk Officer  Climate and Environmental Policy  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Maria Krassuski  Desk officer  Cabinett and Parliament  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Anja Lamche  Desk Officer  Precautionary Soil Conservation, Peatland Conservation, Biological Diversity and Climate Change  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Sebastian Paul  Desk Officer  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Elvira Lorenz  Assitant Desk Officer  International Affairs and Protocol  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Sarah Walkewitz  Assistant Desk officer  
International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Sabine Jäck  Interpreter  Translation and Interpretation service  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Wolfgang Zornbach  Desk Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture  
Mr. Stefan Roesner  Head of Division  Business Area Climate and Environment  German Meteorological Service  
Mr. Ralph Bodle  Legal Expert  Ecologic Institute  
Mr. Arne Riedel  Legal Expert  Ecologic Institute  
Ms. Jasmin Cantzler  Advisor  Climate Change, Environment, Infrastructure  German Agency for International Cooperation  
Mr. Manuel Friedlein  Junior Advisor  Department Sector and Global Programmes  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH  
Ms. Joana Helms  Junior Advisor  Climate Change, Environment, Infrastructure  German Agency for International Cooperation  
Ms. Navina Sanchez Ibrahim  Component Manager  Division Europe, Mediterranean and Central Asia  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit  
  
Germany (continued) 
Ms. Amina Laura Schild  Advisor  Division Climate Change, Environment, Infrastructure  German Agency for International Cooperation  
Ms. Baerbel Hoehn  Senior Policy Officer, Special Representatives for Energy in Africa  Energy, Infrastructure, Raw Materials  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Timo Leiter  Advisor  For BMZ Negotiation Team  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit  
Mr. Dietram Oppelt  Expert  NDE Germany  Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology  
Mr. Lorenz Moosmann  Senior Researcher  Oeko-Institut e.V. Institute for Applied Ecology  
Mr. Martin Cames  Head of Division  Energy & Climate  Oeko-Institut e.V. Institute for Applied Ecology  
Mr. Julian Havers  Advisor to the Ministry  International Climate Policy  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Mr. Sascha Hilgers  Photographer  Press Relations  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety  
Ms. Corinna Friesen  Interpreter  Translation and interpreting service  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ghana 
H.E. Ms. Elizabeth Adjei  Ambassador  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Environment, Science Technology and Invvonations  
Ms. Samira Ramadan Bawumia  
Mr. John Alexis Pwamang  Acting Executive Director  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Musah Abu Juam  Technical Director  Forestry Commission  Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources  
Mr. Raymond Abudu Kasei  Lecturer  Climate Change and Food Security Expert  University for Development Studies  
Mr. Charles Isaac Acquah Jnr  Chief Programme Officer  Natural Resources  Environmental Protection Agency  
H.E. Mr. Yaw Frimpong Addo  Memeber of Paeliament  Parliament House  
Ms. Roselyn Fosuah Adjei  Director Climate Change  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Tabi Agyarko  Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources  
Mr. Kofi Adu Agyarko  Head  Energy and Efficiency  Energy Commission of Ghana  
Mr. Michael Akowuah  Director  Forestry Commission  
Mr. John Mcdonald Allotey  Deputy Chief Executive  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Kennedy Amankwa  Energy Commission of Ghana  
Mr. Joseph Amankwa Baffoe  Mitigation Specialist  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Antwi-Boasiako Amoah  Senior Programme Officer  
Climate Change  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Emmanuel Nii Ayitey Amoah  National Disaster Management Organization  
H.E. Mr. Robert Kwasi Amoah  Member of Parliament  Parliament House  
Mr. Kenneth Nana Amoateng  Chief Executive  Abibimman Foundation  
Mr. Winston Adams Asante  Solidaridad  
Ms. Christine Okae Asare  Director, SEA/ Legal  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Simpson Delali Attieku  Energy Commission  
Mr. Mahama Ayariga  Minister  Parliament House  
Mr. Yaw Bediako Osafo  Legal Analyst  Tetteh and Tetteh Advocates  
Mr. Tommy Oliver Boachie  Special Assistant  Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  
H.E. Mr. Patrick Boakye-Yiadom  Parliament of Ghana  
Ms. Khara Cisse  
Mr. Abdellah Nii Commey  Wascal West Africa  
Ms. Patience Damptey  AGN  
Mr. Peter Dery  Acting Director of Environment  Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  
Ms. Juliet Sale Mekone Epse Tataw  Director  
  
Ghana (continued) 
Mr. Joseph Kow Essandoh-Yeddu  Head  Strategic Planning and Policy Division  Energy Commission of Ghana  
Mme Ama Essel  AGN  
Mr. Daniel Essel  Planning Officer  Ministry of Transport  
Ms. Lydia Obenewa Essuah  Director  Policy Planning, Monitoring and Evaluation Directorate PPME  Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Thomas Forkuo  Director  National Disaster Management Organization  
Mr. Thomas Yaw Gyambrah  Ghana Forestry Commission  
H.E. Mr. Samuel Abdulali Jabanyite  Member of Parliament  Parliament House  
Ms. Gifty Nuna Jiagge  Clerk for Parliament  Parliament House  
Ms. Peace Justine Elorm  Ghana Focal Point, RCC Lome  Climate Change  Secretariat of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change  
Mr. Gawusu-Toure Kassim  Executive Director  Greener Impact International  
Ms. Mary Kwafo  Environmental Chemist  Tema Oil Refinery  
Mr. Kingsley Kwako Amoako  Assistant Director  Crops Service Department  Ministry of Food and Agriculture  
Mr. George Anthony Manful  Director  
Mr. William Charles Manful  Ministry Of Foreign Affairs and Regional Intergration  
Ms. Irene Odokai Messiba  Director Policy Planning  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Albert Chika Morgan  
Ms. Charlotte Nana Norman  Director in Charge CCDRR  National Disaster Management Organization  
H.E. Mr. Asiamah Ofori  Minister  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Isaac Ofori Poku  Chief EXecutive  GH-Dawwoo  
Mr. Kyekyeku Yaw Oppong-Boadi  Director and National Focal Point  Energy Resources and Climate Change Unit  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Seth Osafo  Consultant  
Mr. Joseph Osaikwan  Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources  
Ms. Nana Ama Akoto Osei Appiah  Assistant Programme Officer  Energy Commission  
Mr. Moumini Savadogo  Executive Director  
Mr. Aaron Senanu  
Ms. Wahida Patwa Shah  
Mr. Emmanuel Tachie-Obeng  Principal Programme Officer  Climate Change Unit  Environmental Protection Agency  
H.E. Mr. Mohammed Hardi Tufeiru  Minister  Parliament House  
Mr. Daniel Tutu Benefoh  Lead Person, Mitigation  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Angelina Ama Tutuah Mensah  Director, PRO  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Nasir Ahmad Yartey  PRO  Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. John Yeboah  Energy Commission  
Greece 
Mr. Kyriakos Mitsotakis  Prime Minister  Hellenic Republic  
H.E. Ms. Styliani Mendoni  Minister  Ministry of Culture and Sports  
Mr. Kostantinos Hazidakis  Minister  Hellenic Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Athanasios Anastopoulos  Counselor of Embassy  Embassy of the Hellenic Republic in Spain  
Mr. Konstantinos Aravosis  Secretary General for Natural Environment and Water  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Dionysia-Theodora Avgerinopoulou  Member of the Hellenic Parliament - President of the Environmental Committee  Hellenic Parliament  
Mr. Georgios - Theodoros Christopoulos  Chief Environmental Policy Advisor to the Minister  Minister’s Office  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Konstantinos Dimopoulos  General Director  General Directorate of Environmental Policy  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Maria Xeni Garezou  Special Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Culture and Sports  
Ms. Sotiria Gkotsi  Press Attache  Embassy of the Hellenic Republic in Spain  
Ms. Charoula Kafantari  Member of the Hellenic Parliament  Hellenic Parliament  
Ms. Kyriaki Kapi  
  
Greece (continued) 
Mr. Konstantinos Kartalis  Professor  National and Kapodistrian University of Athens  
Ms. Ekaterini Loupas  Ambassador  Directorate for Environmental Protection  Hellenic Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Theodora Makri  Press Correspondent  ERT National Public Greek Television  
Mr. Stefanos Minas  Assistant Professor  
Ms. Maria Moschoti  Special Advisor to the Minister of Environment and Energy  Minister’s Office  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Konstantinos Oikonomopoulos  Communications Deputy Director  
Mr. Alexios Papachristos  
Mr. Kosmas Papadopoulos  Translator  Embassy of the Hellenic Republic in Spain  
Ms. Alexandra Papadopoulou  Ambassador, Director of the Diplomatic Cabinet of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Argyrios Papaefstathiou  Press Officer  
Mr. Dimitrios Papamitsos  
Mr. Dimosthenis Alexios Patelis  Economic Office Director  General Secretariat of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Kyriakos Psychas  Head of Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Ioannis Rigas  Expert Counselor for Environmental Issues  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ioannis Sempos  Advisor  National Technical University of Athens  
Mr. Theodoros Skylakakis  Deputy Minister  Hellenic Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Panagiotis Sotiropoulos  Press Councelor  Embassy of the Hellenic Republic in Spain  
Ms. Anna Triantafyllou Panagiotarea  Special Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Culture and Sports  
Mr. Dimitrios Tsiodras  Press Office Director  
Mr. Evangelos Tsolkas  Councelor of Embassy  Embassy of the Hellenic Republic in Spain  
Mr. Ioannis Tzovas Mourouzis  Ambassador of the Hellenic Republic in Spain  Embassy of the Hellenic Republic in Spain  
Mr. Petros Varelidis  National Center of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Maria Zacharaki  Public Relations to the Minister  Minister’s Office  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Christos Zerefos  State Representative for Climate Change  
Grenada 
H.E. Mr. Simon E. Stiell  Minister for Climate Resilience, the Environment, Forestry, Fisheries and Disaster Management  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Spencer Linus Thomas  Ambassador, Special Envoy for Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Roxie McLeish-Hutchinson  Permanent Secretary  
Ministry of Climate Resilience, the Environment, Forestry, Fisheries, Disaster Management and Information  
Ms. Renae Baptiste  Youth Representative  Ministry of Climate Resilience  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Leon Derek Charles  Advisor  Ministry of Climate Resilience  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Eustace Crispin d’Auvergne  Programme Coordinator  Climate Change and Disaster Management  Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States  
Ms. Claire Fyson  Advisor  
Mr. William Leslie Hare  CEO  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Damon Jones  Advisor  Ministry of the Environment  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Hayden Redhead  Advisor  Ministry of Climate Resilience  Government of Grenada  
Ms. Safiya Sawney  
Mr. Trevor Thompson  Acting Chief Land Use Officer  Ministry of Agriculture and Lands  
Guatemala 
H.E. Mr. Alfonso Alonzo Vargas  Minister of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Carlos Walberto Ramos Salguero  Viceministro  Viceministerio de Recursos Naturales y Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
  
Guatemala (continued) 
Mr. Edgar Eduardo Montepeque González  Diputado, Presidente  Comisión de Ambiente, Ecología y Recursos Naturales  Congreso de la República de Guatemala  
Ms. María Mercedes Aguilar Ferrer  Asesora  Unidad de Cooperación Internacional  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Pedro José Agustín Muñoz  Fotógrafo  Relaciones Públicas y Protocolo  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Elizabeth Alcarraz  Administrative Logistics Officer  AILAC Support Unit  
Mr. Carlos Antonio Azmitia Pimentel  Asesor  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Diana Barba  Mitigation and Transparency Adviser  AILAC Support Unit  
Mr. David Estuardo Barrera Garcia  Asesor  Dirección de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Daniel Buira  NDC Long-term Strategy and Technology Transfer Adviser  AILAC Support Unit  
Mr. Edin Leonel Casasola Martinez  Diputado  Comisión de Ambiente  Congreso de la República de Guatemala  
Sra. Abbie Annette Castañeda Oajaca  Asesora  Dirección de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Fabian Antonio Castañeda Toledo  Asesor Profesional  Relaciones Públicas y Protocolo  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Karen Iveth Chacon Portillo  Jefa del Departamento  Departamento de Vulnerabilidad y Adaptación al Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Wen-Jung Chang  Advisor  
Mr. Raúl Roberto Chávez Amado  Secretario Técnico  PAFFEC  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería y Alimentación  
Mr. Obdulio Alfonso Cordón Alvarado  Asesor  Asesor Despacho Superior  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Juan Carlos Diaz Contreras  Coordinador  Unidad de Cooperación Internacional  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Magner Adolfo Estrada Barrera  Advisor  Viceminister of Natural Resouces and Climate Change  Minister of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Maritza Florian  Adaptation and Loss and Damage Adviser  AILAC Support Unit  
Mr. Christian Gabriel González  Diputado  Comisión de Ambiente  Congreso de la República  
Ms. Ana Lidia Galindo Santizo de Castellanos  Encargada de Participación Juvenil  Consejo Nacional de la Juventud  
Ms. Rosario del Carmen Goméz Jordán  Jefa  Departamento de Investigación y 
Servicios Climáticos  Institituto Nacional de Sismología, Vulcanología, Meteorología e Hidrología  
Sr. Rony Estuardo Granados Merida  Gerente  Consejo Nacional de Cambio Climático  Instituto Nacional de Bosques  
Ms. Sharon Bernardeth Juárez Argueta  Consejera  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Martín Leonardo Leal Navas  Coordinador  Unidad de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería y Alimentación  
Ms. Alejandra López  Finance and Capacity Building Adviser  AILAC Support Unit  
Ms. Aida Gabriela Marquez Liberato  Directora Ejecutiva  Consejo Nacional de la Juventud  
Sr. William Randolfo Melgar Salguero  Director de Normativa y Fiscalizacion Forestal  Dirección de Normativa y Fiscalización forestal  Instituto Nacional de Bosques  
Ms. Paola Andrea Morris Garrido  Subdirectora  Dirección de Política Multilateral para Naciones Unidas  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Omar Jose Orellana Cámbara  Director Ejecutivo  Autoridad para el Manejo Sustentable de la Cuenca y el Lago de Amatitlan  
  
Guatemala (continued) 
Sr. Jose Felipe Orellana Mejia  Viceministro de Desarrollo Economico Rural  Consejo Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería y Alimentación  
Sra. Claudia Larissa Rodas Illescas de Ávila  Viceministra de Administración Interna y Desarrollo de Sistemas  Viceministerio de Administración Interna y Desarrollo de Sistemas  Ministerio de Finanzas Públicas  
Mr. Edwing Arnoldo Rosales Casasola  Asesor  Departamento de Vulnerabilidad y Adaptación al CC  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Giannina Santiago  Coordinator, Paris Agreement and Legal Affairs Adviser  AILAC Support Unit  
Mr. Mario Estuardo Santos Dysli  Secretario General  Secretaria General  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Julian Tesucún Tesucún  Diputado  Comisión de Ambiente, Ecología y Recursos Naturales  Congreso de la República de Guatemala  
Guinea 
H.E.Mr. Oyé Guilavogu  Minister  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Pablo Acosta Cardozo  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Andrea Antal  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Barthelemy Balamou  Expert  
Privé  Société Privée  
Mr. Mamadou Alpha Balde  Journaliste  Ministère de la Communication  
Mr. Yaya Bangoura  Directeur National Adjoint  Ministère des Transports  Direction Nationale Meteorologie  
Mr. Abdel Kader Bangoura  Point Focal CDN  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Miguel Alexandre Barrero Laredo  Consultant  PNUD  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Ms. Idrissa Barry  Administrateur  Ministère de l’Environnement  COSIE  
Mr. Aliou Bongono  Personnel de l’Ambassade  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  Ambagui Espagne  
Mr. Mamadou Cire Camara  Expert  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Sekou Mohamed Camara  Point focal Politique/ Inspecteur  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Fode Lunceny Camara  Conseillé Chargé de Mission  Ministère de l’environnement  Cabinet du Ministre  
Ms. Idiatou Camara  Journaliste  Radio Environnement  
Mr. Jean Yves Camara  Personnel Ambassade  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  Ambagui Espagne  
Ms. Watta Camara  Ingénieur Agronome  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Amadou Camara  Personnel de l’Ambassade  
Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  Ambagui Espagne  
Mr. Ibrahima Sory Camara  Premier Secrétaire Ambassade  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  Ambagui Espagne  
Mr. Layaly Camara  Directeur National des Eaux et Forêts  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Simon Pierre Camara  Conseiller à la Primature  Primature  
Ms. Lei Chu  Experte  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Ibrahima Sory Cisse  Secretaire Exécutif  MEEF  Comite Nationnal du Centre des Produits Chi  
Mr. Abou Cisse  Directeur National Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Thierno Hamidou Cisse  Chef Service  Ministère Environnement  Projet  
Mr. Moussa Conde  Point Focal montagne  Ministère de l’Environnement, l’Eaux et Forêts  Direction Nationale Environnement  
Ms. Mama Tady Conde  Présidente  Société Civile  UCERPAC  
Mr. Lansana Dansoko  Controleur Financier  Ministère des Finances  Fonds de Sauvegarde  
Mr. Mamadou Lamarana Diallo  CNP REMECC - GKM  Enseignement Superieur  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
  
Guinea (continued) 
Mme Halimatou Tandeta Diallo  Cordinatrice Conseil National de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Ms. Safiatou Diallo  Directrice Nationale  Ministère de l’Environnement  Direction Nationale de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Djiramba Diawara  Point Focal Désertification  Ministère de l’Environnement  Direction Nationale des Eaux et Fôrets  
Mr. Thu cuc Do  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Van Phu Do  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
M. Mohamed Lamine Doumbouya  Point Focal Fonds Vert  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Ms. Oumou Doumbouya  Point focal NAP  Ministère de l’Environnement  Direction Nationale de l’Environnement  
Mr. Mamadou Doumbouya  Chargé d’Etude  Ministère de l’Environnement  Direction Unité Climat  
Mr. Mohamed Fofana  Comptable  Ministère de l’Environnement  Direction Fonds Forestier  
Ms. Maria Teresa Gonsalez  Chargée d’affaires pour le Developpement Durable  Privée  Statkraft  
Mr. Robert ferdinand Hilgenfeld  Membre Alliance climat action  Alliance Action Climat  
Ms. Houg Ho  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
M. Alpha Oumar Kaloga  Coordinateur Régional  
Bureau Régional FVC  Fonds Vert Climat  
Ms. Mama Adama Keita  Journaliste  Ministère de la Communication  
Mr. Hawa Moussa Keita  Chef de Cabinet  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Mamoudou Keita  Directeur Modernisation  Secrétariat central du Gouvernement  Direction Modernisation  
Mr. Abraham Santigui Keita  Directeur General  Ministère de l’Environnement  Direction Fonds Forestier  
Ms. Biliga Koivogui  Ingénieur Génie Sanitaire  Ministère de l’Environnement  Genre et Equité  
Mr. Joseph Sabendo Koundouno  Ingénieur  Ministère de la ville et de l’Amenagement du Territoire  Ministère Amenagement du Territoire  
Mr. Slawomir Latuszek  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Mathieu Loua  Premier Conseiller à l’Ambassade  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  Ambagui Espagne  
Ms. Zaina Anne Macneal  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Anne Marie Mansare  Depute  Assemblée Nationale  
Ms. Esther Alba Mendez Bermudez canete  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Ms. Kadiatou N’diaye  Présidente de la Fondation  Fondation protection de l’environnement  
Mr. Minh cong alberic Nguyen  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Vincent Trung Nguyen  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Bangaly Sangare  Attaché de Cabinet  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Mamadou Bailo Sidibé  Directeur BSP  Ministère Environnement Eaux et Forets  Bureau de Stratégie  
Ms. Kimmig Sophie lucille  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Ms. Mariama Sow  Personnelle Ambassade  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  Ambagui Espagne  
Ms. Afsatou Sy  Directrice  Ministère de l’Enseignement Supérieur  Ecoles Privées  
Mr. Sekou Gaoussou Sylla  Directeur PGED  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Joseph Sylla  Chef de la Division Prevention des Pollutions et Nuisances/ Point Focal Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Edit Szorath  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Miroslav Szyska  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Vu Tinh Tu  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Ahmadou Sebory Toure  Directeur  Ministère de l’Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Quang Nhat Tran  Membre Alliance  Alliance climat action  Alliance Action Climat  
  
Guinea (continued) 
Mr. Moussa Traore  Journaliste  Ministère Communication  Indépendant  
Ms. Lily Thanh Thuy Vu Nguyen  Membre Alliance Climat action  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Aboubacar Youla  Expert National en Changement Climatique  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Ibrahima Sory Youla  Executive Director  Société Civile  PRONG  
Mr. Mohammed Hoang Zano  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Ms. Ning Zhou  Membre Alliance  Alliance Action Climat  
Mr. Paul Goa Zoumanigui  Ambassadeur  Ministère des affaires Etrangères  Ambagui Espagne  
Guinea-Bissau 
H.E. Mr. Aristides Gomes  Primer Ministro  Government of Guinea-Bissau  Prematura  
H.E. Ms. Suzi Carla Barbosa  Minister of Foreign Affaires and Communities  Government of Guinea-Bissau  Ministry of Foreign Affaires and Communities  
H.E. Ms. Quite Djata  Minister of Environment of Guinea-Bissau  Guinea-Bissau Government  
H.E. Ms. Catarina Raquel Mendonça Taborda  Secretary of State of Tourism  Government of Guinea-Bissau  
Ms. Ligia Maria Correia Garcia  Primeira Conselhiera da Embaixada da Guiné-Bissau no reino de Espanha  
Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros e Comunidades  
Mr. Luís Domingos Da Costa  Protocolo do Primeiro Ministro  Governo da Guiné-Bissau  Gabinete do Primeiro Ministro  
Mr. Ivo Djalo  Ministro Conselheiro  Embaixada da Guiné-Bissau em Madrid  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros e Comunidades  
Mr. Papa Fanhe  Prime Minister Security  Government of Guinea-Bissau  Prematura  
Ms. Marga João Vieira  Segunda Secretaria Embaixada da Guiné-Bissau Espanha  Embaixada da Guiné-Bissau Espanha  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros e Comunidades  
Mr. Joao Lona Tchedna  Président de l’Institut de la Météorologie Nationale  Secretariat of State of Transportation  National Institute of Meteorology  
Mr. João Raimundo Lopes  Advisor  Ministry of Environment  General Directorate of Environment  
Mr. Alfredo Lopes Cabral  Special Adviser of PM  Ministry of Foregein Affaires  Governnement of Guinea-Bissau  
Ms. Cadiana Olivia Monteiro Mendes Vieira  Communications Advisor  Govenment of Guinea-Bissau  Secretaria de Estado do Ambiente  
Ms. Edwiges Olga Nunes dos Reis L. Rodrigues  Assessora de Imprensa da Ministra dos Negócios Estrangeiros e Comunidades  Government of Guinea-Bissau  Ministry of Foreign Affaires and Communities  
Mr. Da Silva Paulo  Ambassador of Guinea-Bissau in Spain  
Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros e Comunidades  
Mr. João Ribeiro Butiam Co  Conselheiro do Primeiro Ministro  Governo da Guiné-Bissau  Gabinete do Primeiro Ministro  
Mr. Pedro Sebastião de Almeida  Conselheiro  Embaixada da Guiné-Bissau no reino de Espanha  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros e Comunidades  
Mr. Viriato Luis Soares Cassama  General Director/ UNFCCC Focal Point  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Lourenço António Vaz  Chefe de Gabinete  Secretaria de Estado do Ambiente  Government  
Guyana 
Mr. Troy Floyd Torrington  Director  Multilateral and Global Affairs Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Paulette Euranie Bynoe  Lead/Chief Negotiator  Faculty of Earth and Environmental Sciences  University of Guyana  
Ms. Adiola Walcott  Technical Officer, Mitigation  Office of Climate Change  Ministry of the Presidency  
Mr. David Bartholomew Fredericks  Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Research and Senior Research Scientist  Ministry of Agriculture  National Agricultural Reseach and Extension Institute  
  
Guyana (continued) 
Mr. Chetwynd Carlos Osborne  Policy Analyst/UNCCD Liaison  Guyana Lands and Surveys Commission  
Haiti 
H.E. Mr. Joseph Jouthe  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. James Cadet  Directeur CC/PFNCCNUCC  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mme Ninon Angrand/Abraham  Directrice Bureau Evaluation Environnementale  Bureau National Evaluation Environnementale  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Jacques Nels Antoine  Ministère des Travaux Publics de Transport et de Communication  
Mr. Elie Frederic Arcene Bastien  Directeur Départemental  Sud’Est  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Dwinel Belizaire  Directeur Observation Nationale  ONEV  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Ms. Edna Civil Blanc  Consultante  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Ms. Cassandra Daguilh  Chef de Programmations  BON  Bureau de l’Ordonnateur National  
Mr. Kénel Délusca  Chef Assistance Technique  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Paul Judex Edouarzin  Cadre ONU-E  Environnement  ONU-E  
Mr. Astrel Joseph  Directeur  Direction Ressources en Eau  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Claude Joseph  Chargé d’Affaires  Ambassade d’Haïti en Espagne  
Mr. Vernet Joseph  Consultant  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Ms. Kettia Jourdain  Assistante Administrative  Bureau du Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Peretz Ebert Peltrop  Directeur  Service d’Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de la Planification et de la Coopération Externe  
Mr. Hervé Philippe  Conseiller technique  Bureau de l’Ordonnateur National  
Ms. Gerty Pierre  Directrice Adjointe  Direction Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Ms. Guerline Pierre  Point Focal Fonds Vert Climat  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Yves Bernard Remarais  Responsable Communication  DACIP  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Nelan Sylvaince  Coordonateur CC  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Ms. Musette Thomas  Point Focal Genre Changement Climatique  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Raoul Vital  Cadre technique DCC  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Honduras 
S.E. Sr. Juan Hernandez  President  Presidencia de la República de Honduras  
Sra. Rosibel Martínez Arriaga  External Cooperation Director  Dirección de Cooperación Externa  Secretariat Natural Resources and Environment  
S.E. Sr. Marlon Oniel Escoto Valerio  Delegado Presidencial de Cambio Climático  Oficina Presidencial de Cambio Climático  
S.E. Sra. Rocio Izabel Tábora Morales  Secretaria de Estado en los Despachos de Finanzas  Secretaría de Finanzas  
S.E. Sra. Ana Rosalinda Garcia Carias  Primera Dama  Despacho de la Primera Dama  
S.E. Sr. Lisandro Rosales Banegas  Secretario de Estado  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores y Cooperación Internacional  
S.E. Sr. Elvis Yovanni Rodas Flores  Secretario de Estado  Despacho Ministerial  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sr. Nabil Kawas Khoury  Decano de la Facultad de ciencias, Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Honduras  Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Honduras  
Sr. Orlando Enrique Garner Ordoñez  Asesor en Materia de Financiamiento Climático  Oficina Presidencial de Cambio Climático  
Sr. Jose Arnoldo Pineda Discua  Asesor en Temas de Cooperacion Internacional y Temas Fiscales  Oficina Presidencial de Cambio Climático  
  
Honduras (continued) 
Mr. Cesar Arturo Quintanilla  Director Ejecutivo  Dirección Ejecutiva de Deportes del Gobierno de la República de Honduras  Gobierno de la República de Honduras  
Mr. Fausto Donato Molina Ebanks  Director  Cooperativa de Pesca y Acuicultura Artesanal de la Mosquita Hondureña  
Sr. Enoc Reyes Zelaya  Jefe del Departamento de Cambio Climatico  departamento de Cambio Climático  Instituto Nacional de Conservación Forestal y Desarrollo Forestal, Áreas Protegidas y Vida Silvestre  
Sr. Dolan Josue Castro Cortes  Coordinador de CLIFOR  CLIFOR  Proyecto Cambio Climático en el Sector Forestal  
Sra. Noelia Jover Molero  Asesora de Cambio Climático  Secretariat Natural Resources and Environment  
Sr. Francisco Javier Escalante Ayala  Vice Ministro ICF  Sub Direccion  Instituto Nacional de Conservación Forestal y Desarrollo Forestal, Áreas Protegidas y Vida Silvestre  
Sr. Sven Alexis Rodriguez Lopez  Asesor Ministerial  Despacho  Instituto Nacional de Conservación Forestal y Desarrollo Forestal, Áreas Protegidas y Vida Silvestre  
Sr. Eduardo Enrique Lagos Pineda  Director DECA  DECA  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sr. Jose Manuel Gonzalez Lopez  Asesor Ministerial  Despacho Ministerial  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sr. Luis Alfredo Rivas Rivas  Asesor Ministerial  Despacho Ministerial  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sr. Julio Alejandro Castrillo Valenzuela  Coordinador OCP  Oficina Coordinadora de Proyecto  Secretariat Natural Resources and Environment  
Sr. Luis Roberto Aparicio Godoy  Director Nacional de Cambio Climatico  Direccion Nacional de Cambio Climatico  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sr. Fausto David Diaz Mejia  Técnico Especial de Cooperación  Unidad de Cooperación Externa  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sr. Norman Garcia Paz  Embajador  Embajada de Honduras en España  
Sra. Iris Orbelinda Ponce Sierra  Ministro Consejero  Embajada de Honduras en España  
Sra. Geybi Maribel Posada Gonzalez  Consejero  Embajada de Honduras en España  
Sra. Danne Yakeline Chávez Membreño  Gerente Despacho de Primera Dama  Casa Presidencial  
Sra. Aida Isabel Lara Guevara  Directora  Cooperación Multilateral  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores y Cooperación Internacional  
Sra. Liliam Lizeth Rivera Hipp  Comisionada Rio Motagua  Comision del Rio Motagua  
Sra. Lurbin Danelia Quinteros Medina  Analista  Política Multilateral  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores y Cooperación Internacional  
Sra. Amy Alicia Lazo Ulloa  Enlace Técnico  Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations  
Sr. Gabriel Alfredo Rubi Paredes  Ministro Comisionado Nacional  Comisión Permanente de Contingencias  
Mr. Nasry Juan Asfura Zablah  Alcalde  Alcalde Municipalidad del Distrito Central  Alcaldía Municipal del Distrito Central  
S.E. Sra. Christa Castro Varela  Embajadora de Honduras en Alemania  Embajada de Honduras en Alemania  
Sr. Mario Alfredo Pinel Rosales  Coordinador Nacional  Jóvenes Contra el Calentamiento Global  
Sr. Rony Javier Nuñez Laínez  Voluntario  Jóvenes Contra el Calentamiento Global  
Sra. Julia Roxany Mendoza Perdomo  Voluntario  Jóvenes Contra el Calentamiento Global  
Sra. Carmensa Liset Valenzuela R. Castrillo  Consejera Presidenta  Consejo Nacional Agrario  
Sr. Julio Cesar Antunez  Fotógrafo  Casa Presidencial  
S.E. Sr. Marco Antonio Midence Milla  Comisionado Presidencial de Cumplimiento de Asuntos Presidenciales  Secretaria de la Presidencia  
Sr. Elvin Manuel Navarro López  Camarógrafo Oficial  Casa Presidencial  
  
Honduras (continued) 
Sr. Saul Herminio Carranza Muñoz  Periodista Oficial  Avanzada Presidencial  Casa Presidencial  
Sr. Tulio Armando Romero Palacios  Edecan Presidente  Avanzada Presidencial  Casa Presidencial  
Sra. Eliza María Williams Bonilla  Edecan Primera Dama  Avanzada Presidencial  Casa Presidencial  
Sr. Jose Balmores Del Cid Quintero  Teniente Coronel de Infanteria  Casa Presidencial  
Sr. Jonny Osman Pineda Meza  Capitán de Infantería  Casa Presidencial  
Sr. Guillermo Jose Oviedo Coello  Subteniente  Casa Presidencial  
Sra. Lilian Amanda Escobar Martinez  Oficial de Protocolo  Casa Presidencial  
Sr. Angel Noe Rivera Zepeda  Comando de Infantería  Casa Presidencial  
Sr. Francisco Abraham Ardon Ordoñez  Periodista  Radio Nacional de Honduras  
Sr. Hedy Danilo Quintero  Periodista  Noticiero Hoy Mismo  Televicentro  
Sr. Santos Francisco Ortiz Banegas  Periodista  Televisión Nacional de Honduras  
Sra. Yajaira Johana Padilla Hernandez  Coordinadora Oficial de Casa Presidencial  Casa Presidencial  
Sr. Jairo Reniery Rivera Mena  Periodista  Televisión Nacional de Honduras  
Sr. Carlos Alberto Nuñez Maldonado  Funcionario de Apoyo  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores y Cooperación Internacional  
Sr. Jose Roberto Diaz Alemán  Funcionario de Apoyo  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores y Cooperación Internacional  
Sra. Kelly Katherine Olivera Lopez  Periodista  Canal 11  
Sr. Pablo Gerardo Matamoros Trejo  Periodista  Hable como Habla  
Sra. Luisa Daniela Valdivia Valle  Voluntario  Jóvenes Contra el Calentamiento Global  
Sr. Sergio Rolando Joaquin Sanabria  Teniente de Infanteria  Avanzada de Guardia de Honor  Casa Presidencial  
S.E. Sr. Fredy Mauricio Casasola Lagos  ViceMinistro  Secretaría de Desarrollo Comunitario, Agua y Saneamiento Su Despacho  
Sr. Mario Ricardo Bonilla Barrientos  Jefe del Departamento de Gestion y Negocios  Direccion General de Crédito Publico  Secretaría de Finanzas  
Sra. Lorena Alfonsina del R Fernandez Meza  Fiscal Especial del Medio Ambiente  Fiscalía Especial del Ambiente  Ministerio Publico  
Sra. Cristy Maria Raudales Barahona  Técnica  Alcaldía de San Pedro Sula  
Sr. Daniel Geovanny Urraco Mejía  Periodista  Canal 6  
Sr. Eris Ernesto Perez Gallegos  Periodista  La Tribuna  
Sra. Dinorah Mercedes Alcerro Gunera  
Mr. Marco Jonathan Lainez Ordoñez  Director de la Unidad de Gestion Ambiental  Alcaldía Municipal del Distrito Central  
Sr. Aldo Nicolas De Santis Ramirez  
Sr. Pablo Uribe Villa  Director de Financiación  Ayuda en Accion  
Mr. Amerigo Guiseppe De Grazia Veltri  
Sra. Lilia Umaña Montiel  Vice Alcaldesa  Alcaldía Municipal de San Pedro Sula  
Hungary 
H.E. Mr. Attila Steiner  Minister of State for EU Affairs  Ministry of Justice  
Ms. Barbara Botos  Deputy State Secretary For Climate Policy  Office of the Deputy Minister of State for Climate Policy  Ministry for Innovation and Technology  
Ms. Nóra Balogh  Desk Officer for Decarbonisation  Energy and Climate Diplomacy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade of Hungary  
Ms. Judit Berényi Üveges  Expert  Department of Agriculture Modernisation  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Szilvia Bognár  Diplomat  Embassy of Hungary in Spain  
  
Hungary (continued) 
Ms. James Cogan  Technology, Industry and Policy Analyst  Climate Ethanol Alliance  
Ms. Kinga Debisso  Policy advisor  Ministry of Justice  
Mr. Vajk Farkas  Head of Cabinet  Cabinet of the Minister of Justice  Ministry of Justice  
Mr. Márton Géza Kruppa  Senior Climate Advisor  Directorate for Environment Sustainability  Office of the President of the Republic of Hungary  
Ms. Erzsébet Schmuck  Member of Parliament  Hungarian National Assembly  
Mr. Eric Wilhelm Sievers  Managing Director  Climate Ethanol Alliance  
Ms. Katalin Somfainé Ádám  Parliamentary Civil Servant, Head of IPU Office  Hungarian National Assembly  
Mr. Jason Peter Sparks  UN Youth Delegate of Hungary  Hungarian UN Youth Delegate Programme  Ministry of Human Capacities, Minsitry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Zoltán Szabo  Sustainability Consultant  Climate Ethanol Alliance  
Ms. Agnes Szijártó  Envionmental Expert  Department of Environmental Development and Strategy  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Kristóf Urbán  Diplomat  Embassy of Hungary in Spain  
Ms. Zsanett Varga  Desk Officer for International Affairs  Ministry of Justice  
Iceland 
Mr. Guðmundur Ingi Guðbrandsson  Minister  Ministry for the Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Helga Bardadottir  Head of Delegation  Department of Oceans, Water and Climate  Ministry for the Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Hugi Olafsson  Director General  Department of Oceans, Water and Climate  Ministry for the Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Sigríður Auður Arnardóttir  Permanent Secretary  Ministry for the Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Anna Sigurveig Ragnarsdóttir  Head of Divison  Department of Oceans, Water and Climate  Ministry for the Environment and Natural Resouces  
Mr. Stefan Skjaldarson  Ambassador, Climate and Environment,  Directorate for International and Security Affairs  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Adalheidur Inga Thorsteinsdottir  Counsellor  Arctic Affairs  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
India 
H.E. Mr. Prakash Javadekar  Minister of Environment, Forest and Climate Change and Minister of Information and Broadcasting  
H.E. Mr. Chandra Kishore Mishra  Secretary, Environment, Forest and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Ashok Kumar  Director  
Ministry of Power  Bureau of Energy Efficiency  
Mr. Abhishek Acharya  Joint Director  Department of Economic Affairs  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Madan Singh Bhandari  Deputy Chief of Mission  Press, Information and Culture  Embassy of India, Madrid  
Mr. Jaivardhan Ramanlal Bhatt  Adviser  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Indrajit Bose  Senior Researcher  
Mr. Manish Chauhan  Joint Secretary  UNES  Ministry of External Affairs  
Mr. Srinivasa Rao Cherukumalli  Director  NAARM  Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare  
Mr. Lokesh Chandra Dube  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Kanika Grover  Technical Officer  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Juhi Jalota  Third Secretary  Political  Embassy of India, Madrid  
Mr. Ashutosh Prakash Javadekar  
Ms. Jeeva Maria Joy  Second Secretary  Press, Information and Culture  Embassy of India, Madrid  
Mr. Mahesh Kodihally Mahadevprasad  Private Secretary to Honourable Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
  
India (continued) 
Mr. Prakash Chandra Maithani  Adviser  Ministry of New and Renewable Energy  
Ms. Seema Bharti Mishra  
Mr. Basist Nandan  Third Secretary  Political  Embassy of India, Madrid  
Mr. Varun Singh Phogat  
Mr. Arun Anantha Poojary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Ritu Prasad  
Mr. Ravi Shanker Prasad  Additional Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Ajay Raghava  Joint Director  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Saurabh Sabhlok  Third Secretary  Consular  Embassy of India, Madrid  
Mr. Seshadri Satyanarayanan  Media Adviser, Coordination  Office of the Honourable Minister of Environment, Forest, Climate Change, Information and Broadcasting  Ministry of Information and Broadcasting  
Ms. Richa Sharma  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Rav Praveen Singh  Third Secretary  SA to Ambassador  Embassy of India, Madrid  
Mr. Santosh Kumar Singh  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Shweta Singh  Deputy Secretary  
UNES Division  Ministry of External Affairs  
Ms. Ridhima Sud  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Anushree Tripathi  Consultant  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Saranya Valarmathi Subramanian  Third Secretary  Commercial  Embassy of India, Madrid  
Mr. Kushal Vashist  Director  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Sanjay Verma  Ambassador  Embassy of India, Madrid  
Ms. Richa Verma  Technical Officer, Climate Change  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Pooja Verma  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Indonesia 
H.E. Mr. Alue Dohong  Vice Minister  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Hasanuddin Zainal Abidin  Chairman  Geospatial Information Agency  
Ms. Dwikorita Karnawati  Head of the Agency for Meteorology, Climatology, and Geophysics  The Agency for Meteorology, Climatology, and Geophysics  
Mr. Ruandha Agung Sugardiman  Director General  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Nur Masripatin  Senior Adviser to the Minister on Climate Change and International Convention  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Hermono  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Madrid  
Ms. Laksmi Dhewanthi  Senior Adviser to the Minister on International Trade and Industry  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Yusra Khan  Senior Advisor  Directorate of Development, Economic, and Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Nurmala Kartini Pandjaitan Sjahrir  Senior Advisor on Climate Change to the Coordinating Minister for Maritime Affairs  
Ms. Emma Rachmawaty  Director for Mitigation of Climate Change  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Sri Tantri Arundhati  Director for Adaptation of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Joko Prihatno  Director of GHG Inventory and MRV  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Wahyu Marjaka  Director of the Sectoral and Regional Resources Mobilization  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
  
Indonesia (continued) 
Mr. Syaiful Anwar  Director for Center of Research and Development for Socioeconomic Policy and Climate Change  Research, Development and Innovation Agency  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Agustaviano Sofjan  Director of Development, Economic, and Environmental Affairs  Directorate General of Multilateral Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Fahmuddin Agus  Senior Research Scientist  Research and Development Agency  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Dida Gardera  Director of Environmental Management  Office of Deputy for Coordination in Energy, Natural Resources, and Environmental Management  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Ardhasena Sopaheluwakan  Deputy Director for Climate and Air Quality  Center for Research and Development  Agency for Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics  
Ms. Moekti Handajani Soejachmoen  Expert of Article 6 PA  
Mr. Abdul Muhaimin Iskandar  Vice Chairman  The House of Representative of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Sudin  Commission IV  The House of Representatives of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Dedi Mulyadi  Member  Commission IV  The House of Representatives of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Gerardus Budisatrio Djiwandono  Member  Commission IV  The House of Representatives of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Hasan Aminuddin  Vice Chairman  Commission IV  The House of Representatives of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Daniel Johan  Vice Chairman  Commission IV  House of Representatives  
Mr. Agus Justianto  Director General of Research and Development and Innovation Agency  Agency for Research and Development and Innovation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Winarni Monoarfa  Senior Advisor to the Minister for Relationship between Central and Regional Institutions  Secretariat General  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Tukul Rameyo Adi  Senior Expert to the Minister for Socio-Anthropology  Secretariat General  Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs  
Mr. Herizal  Deputy for Climatology  Agency for Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics  
Mr. Montty Girianna  Deputy for Coordination of Energy, Natural Resources, and Environmental Management  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Saleh Abdurrahman  Senior Adviser to the Minister for Environment and Spatial Planning  Secretariat General  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources  
Ms. Musdhalifah Machmud  Coordinating Deputy Minister for Food and Agriculture  
Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Wiratno  Director General of Conservation on Natural Resources and Ecosystem  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Arifin Rudiyanto  Deputy Minister for Maritime Affairs and Natural Resources  Ministry of National Development Planning, National Development Planning Agency  
Mr. Safri Burhanuddin  Deputy Minister for Human Resources, Science,Technology and Culture of Maritime  Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs  
Mr. Ridwan Djamaluddin  Deputy Minister for Coordinating Infrastructure  Coordinating Ministry of Maritime Affairs  
Mr. Sigit Hardwinarto  Director General of Planology and Environmental Governance  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Rasio Ridho Sani  Director General  Directorate General of Environment and Forestry Law Enforcement  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Suseno Sukoyono  Senior Advisor to the Minister on the Society and Inter-agencies  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Ms. Myrna Asnawati Safitri  Deputy of Education, Socialization, Participation, and Partnership  Peatland Restoration Agency  
  
Indonesia (continued) 
Mr. Efransjah  Senior Adviser to the Minister on Natural Conservation and Climate Change  Secretariat General  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Wahjudi Wardojo  Senior Adviser to the Minister on Sustainable Land Use  Secretariat General of the Ministry of Environment and Forestry  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Suryo Adiwibowo  Senior Advisor to the Minister on Human Ecology and Rural Development  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Sri Murniningtyas  Expert to the Minister on International Cooperation Policy Development  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Agung Setyabudi  Executive Secretary  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Raffles Brotestes Panjaitan  Director of Land and Forest Fires Management  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Teguh Rahardja  Director for International Cooperation Bureau  Bureau of International Cooperation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Ida Dwi Nilasari  Assistant to the Deputy for Food Security, Agriculture, Environment and Forestry  Deputy to the Minister for Economic Affairs  Secretariat of the Cabinet  
Mr. Teguh Supriyadi  Assistant to the Deputy for Religious, Health. Youth, and Sports Affairs  Deputy to the Minister for Human Development and Culture  Secretariat of the Cabinet  
Mr. Medrilzam  Director of Environmental Affairs  Directorate of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of National Development Planning  
Mr. Sahat Manaor Panggabean  Director for Environmental and Maritime Disaster  Coordinating Deputy of Natural Resources and Services  Coordinating Ministry of Maritime Affairs  
Ms. Nani Hendiarti  Director for Utilization of Maritime Science and Technology  Office of Deputy Minister for Human Resources, Science, Technology and Culture of Maritime  Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs  
Mr. Muhammad Firdausi Manti  Director for Infrastructure Supporting Industry  Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs  
Ms. Nanik Purwanti  Director  Bureau for International Technical Cooperation  Ministry of State Secretariat  
Mr. Djati Witjaksono Hadi  Director for Bureau of Public Relations  Secretariat General  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Noer Adi Wardojo  Director for Centre of Environment and Forestry Standardization  Centre for Environment and Forestry Standardization  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Retno Maryani  Researcher  
R and D on Social Economics Policy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Kirsfianti Linda Ginoga  Director for Forest Research and Development Center  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Lien Rosalina  Head of Center for Thematic Mapping and Integration  Deputy for Thematic Geospatial Information  Geospatial Information Agency  
Mr. Prabianto Mukti Wibowo  Assistant to the Deputy Minister for Forestry Governance  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Ms. Yuli Sri Wilanti Notohastono  Deputy Assistant for Agribussiness  Coordinating Deputy for Food and Agriculture  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Dida Migfar Ridha  Director for Coastal and Marine Pollution and Degradation Control  Directorate General of Pollution and Environmental Degradation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Sigit Reliantoro  Secretary to the Directorate General of Pollution and Environmental Control  Directorate General of Pollution and Environmental Control  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Tandya Tjahjana  Director of Management of Essentials Ecosystem Development  Directorat General of Conservation on Natural Resources and Ecosystem  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
  
Indonesia (continued) 
Mr. Yuyu Rahayu  Expert Team to the Minister for Forestry Planning  Secretariat General  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Kustanta Budi Prihatno  Secretary to the Directorate General of Forestry Planning and Environmental Governance  Directorate General of Forestry Planning and Environmental Governance  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Belinda Arunarwati Margono  Director for Forest Resources Inventory and Monitoring  Directorate General of Forestry Planning and Environmental Governance  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Yulia Suryanti  Deputy Director of Monitoring of Mitigation Actions  Directorate General of Climate Change Mitigation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Endang Pratiwi  Deputy Director for Planning of Mitigation Instrument and Policy  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Arif Wibowo  Deputy Director for Identification and Analysis of Vulnerability  Directorate for Climate Change Adaptation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Tri Widayati  Deputy Director for Manmade Ecology Adaptation  Directorate of Climate Change Adaptation, Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Anis Susanti Aliati  Deputy Director for Adaptation Planning  Directorate of Climate Change Adaptation, Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Nuraeni  Deputy Director for Ecological Climate Change Adaptation  Directorate of Climate Change Adaptation, Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Ratnasari  Deputy Director for GHG Inventory of Non Land-based Sectors, Directorate of GHG Inventory and MRV  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Lawin Bastian  Head of Division for Laws, Regulation and Technical Cooperation  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Ulin Sjafitri  Head of Financial and Home Affairs  Secretariat of Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Irawan Asaad  Deputy Director for GHG Inventory for Land-based Sector  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Budiharto  Deputy Director of MRV of Land Based Sector  Directorat General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Agus Rusly  Deputy Director of Facilitation of 
Climate Change Negotiation  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Ardina Purbo  Deputy Director of Capacity Development and Low Carbon Technology  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Endah Tri Kurniawaty  Deputy Director for Climate Finance  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Satryo Bramono Brotodiningrat  Foreign Service Officer  Directorate of Development, Economic and Environmental Affairs, Directorate General of Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Awidya Santikajaya  Counselor for Economic Affairs 1  Permanent Mission of the Republic of Indonesia to the UN and other International Organizations in Geneva (PM-GVA/IDN)  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jedut Arioditto Sutoyo  First Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Nairobi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Rio Budi Rahmanto  Minister Counsellor  Permanent Mission of the Republic of Indonesia to the United Nations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
  
Indonesia (continued) 
Mr. Agus Wibowo  Deputy Director of Climate Change  Office of Deputy Minister on Coordination in Energy, Natural Resources and Environmental Management  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Indra Gustari  Head of Division for Climate Variability Analysis  Office of Deputy for Climatology  Agency for Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics  
Mr. Hariwibowo  Deputy Director of Monitoring, Reporting, Verification and Registry System for Non Land-based Sector  Directorate of Climate Change Mitigation, Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Anak Agung Gede Putra  Deputy Director for Adaptation Planning  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Mahawan Karuniasa Marmono  Advisor for Academic Quality Assurance and Partnership  School of Environmental Science  University of Indonesia  
Mr. Andreas Albertino Hutahaean  Deputy Director for Maritime Science and Technology Applications  Office of Deputy Minister on Human Resource, Science-Technology and Maritime Culture  Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs  
Mr. Yuli Prasetyo Nugroho  Deputy Director for Customary Law Community Acknowledgement and Protection of Local Wisdom  Directorate General of Social Forestry and Environmental Partnership  
Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Yudi Herdanto  Deputy Director for Renewal Energy and Electricity  Deputy Minister to the Maritime Affairs  Secretariat of the Cabinet  
Mr. Khairul Ismed  Deputy Director for Manpower Employment Policy  Center for Research and Labour Development, Agency of Planning and Development  Ministry of Manpower  
Mr. Israr Albar  Climate Change and Land & Forest Fire Office for Sumatra Region  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Ferrari Pinem  Head of Division for Disaster and Climate Change Mapping  Center for Integration and Thematic Mapping  Geospatial Information Agency  
Ms. Nunuj Nurdjanah  Advanced Researcher  Research and Development Agency  Ministry of Transportation  
Ms. Haruni Krisnawati  Senior Researcher at Forest Research and Development Center  Research, Development and Innovation Agency  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Krisdianto  Deputy Director on Program and Collaboration  Research, Development and Innovation Agency  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Sudhiani Pratiwi  Deputy Director of Environmental Quality and Climate Change  Directorate of Environmental Affairs  The National Development Planning Board  
Mr. Dody Virgo Sinaga  Head of Sub Directorate  Directorate for Energy Resources, Mineral, and Mining  Ministry of National Development Planning/Bappenas  
Mr. Muhammad Zahrul Muttaqin  Deputy Director of Multilateral Cooperation  Bureau of International Cooperation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Juviano dos Santos Ribeiro  Counsellor  Protocol  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Madrid  
Mr. Jopkie Kurniawan  First Secretary  Economic Function  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Madrid  
Ms. Svetlana Anggita Prasasthi  Second Secretary  Economy Section  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Madrid  
Mr. Agus Gunawan  Head of Sub Division for Mitigation Development Instrument  Directorate for Mitigation and Atmospheric Function Preservation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Kardono  Head of Section for Ecological Vulnerability Analysis  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Wisnu Murti  Head of Section for Non UNFCCC Negotiation Facilitation  Directorate of Sectoral and Regional Mobilization  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
  
Indonesia (continued) 
Ms. Lia Kartikasari  Head of Section for REDD+’s Partner Networking  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Wukir Amintari Rukmi  Head of Section for the Facilitation of UNFCCC Negotiation  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Akma Yeni Masri  Head of Section for GHG Inventory of Energy and Industrial Sectors  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Eny Haryati  Head of Section for Evaluation of Land and Forest Fires Control  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Siswanto  Head of Subdivision for Climate and Air Quality Information Production  Center for Applied Climate Information Services  Agency for Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics  
Mr. Setiari Marwanto  Research scientist  Indonesian Agency for Agricultural Research and Development  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Deden Djaenudin  Researcher at Center for Research and Development on Socio-Economic, Policy and Climate Change  Research, Development, and Innovation Agency  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Rika Yuristia Mardhiyah  Head of Sub Division for Multilateral Relations of United Nations  Deputy to the Minister for Politics, Law, and Security Affairs  Secretariat of the Cabinet  
Ms. Fegi Nurhabni  Head of Climate Change Adaptation Sub Division  Directorate General for Marine Spatial Management  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Mr. Imam Fitrianto  Head of Sub Division for Cooperation  Directorate General of Marine Spatial Management  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Mr. Aulia Putra Saragih  Head of Section for Climate Change Adaptation  Office of Deputy Assistant for Environment  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Dadang Hilman Fitrya  Analyst of Natural Ecology Analysis Materials  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Antony Mula Sonang Manurung  Third Secretary  Permanent Mission of the Republic Indonesia to the United Nations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Anggarini Sesotyoningtyas  Assistant Deputy Director  Directorate of Development, Economic, and Environment  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Prima Nindya Pujakesuma Mahroza  Assistant Deputy Director  Directorate of Development, Economic and Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Windyo Laksono  Staff  
Sub Directorate of Facilitation of Climate Change Negotiation, Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Veby Vanadila  Data Analyst for Information of Low Carbon Technology  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Fona Lengkana  Staff  Directorate of Sectoral and Regional Resources Mobilization, Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Gamma Nur Merrillia Sularso  Technical Staff of MRV for Land Based Sector  Directorate of Inventory GHG and Monitoring, Reporting, and Verification, Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Rizki Maulana Rachman  Technical Staff  Directorate of Sectoral and Regional Resources Mobilization, Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Monalisa  Legal Analyst  Deputy to the Minister for Economic Affairs  Secretariat of the Cabinet  
Ms. Ni Putu Widhia Setiani Asak  Staff, Directorate of Legal Affairs and Economic Treaties  Directorate General of Legal and International Treaties  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
  
Indonesia (continued) 
Ms. Anggi Pertiwi Putri  Planner  Directorate of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of National Development Planning/Bappenas  
Ms. Danawiryya Silaksanti  Environment Impact Control Officer  Center of Sustainable Transportation Management  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Mohammad Slamet Supriyadi  Aide to the Vice Minister  Secretariat General  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Aniesya Sefia Anggraeni  Technical Staff  Office of the Deputy Minister for Energy Management, Natural Resources and Environment  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Ms. Henriette Imelda  Regional Advocacy Officer on Green and Inclusive Energy  HIVOS Southeast Asia  
Ms. Dewi Lestari Yani Rizki  Program Director Sustainable Governance Strategic  Partnership for Governance Reform  
Ms. Denia Aulia Syam  Project Manager and Advocacy Specialist  Zurich Flood Resilience Alliance  Mercy Corps, Indonesia  
Mr. Muhammad Ardiansyah  Executive Secretary  Centre for Climate Risk and Opportunity Management  Bogor Agriculture University  
Mr. Antonius Bambang Wijanarto  Deputy for Thematic Geospatial Information  Geospatial Information Agency  
Mr. Rizaldi Boer  Executive Director of Center for Climate Risk and Opportunity Management in Southeast Asia 
Pasific  Bogor Agriculture University  
Mr. Jaya Dharwiniar Cipta  Head of Section for Technical Cooperation  Secretariat of Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Jatna Supriatna  Chairman of Board of Trustee  Belantara Foundation  
Iran (Islamic Republic of) 
Mr. Mohammad Masoud Agha Mohammad Hossein Tajrishi  Deputy Vice President, Human Environment  Human Environment  Department of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Hassan Ghashghavi  Ambassador of Islamic Republic of Iran in Madrid  
Mr. Naser Moghaddasi  Advisor to the Head  International Affairs and Conventions Center  Department of Environment  
Mr. Ahmad Rajabi  Director  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ali Akbari  
Ms. Sheida Asgharzadeh Ghahroudi  Expert  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmad Firouzi  Center for Progress and Development  
Mr. Ali Gholampour  Expert  Department of Climate Change and Energy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Masoud Izadi  Embassy of Iran in Madrid  
Mr. Hassan Jangavar  Specialist of Clean Energy and Environment Division  
Presidency Center for Progress and Development  
Ms. Sanaz Sabeti Mohammadi  Senior Expert of Climate Change  Department of Environment  
Mr. Alireza Shafiei  Embassy of Iran in Madrid  
Mr. Majid Shafiepour Motlagh  Head of National Institute on Climate Change and Environment  University of Tehran  
Mr. Mohammad Taeb  Director General  OPEC Affairs  Ministry of Petroleum  
Mr. Sirous Vatankhah Moghaddam  Head of Center for Progress and Development of Iran  Center for Progress and Development of Iran  
Iraq 
H.E. Mr. Adel Mustafa Kamil  Ambassador  Embassy of Iraq in Spain  
Mr. Essa Raheem Dakheel Al-Fayadh  General Director  
Mr. Ali Abdul Zhra Zebon Al-lami  National Consultant  
Mr. Yousif Fadhil Lafiy Al-Ani  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Hallo Mustafa Kaka Al-Askari  
Mr. Imad Obaid Jasim Albo Radhi  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Susan Sami Jameel Al-Banaa  Chief Engineer - Iraqi National UNFCCC Focal Point  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Health and Environment  
Ms. Tahrir Abdulsataar Asaad Al-Sodani  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
  
Iraq (continued) 
Mr. Yousif Muayad Yousif  Manager  International Environmental Relations Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Razzaq Azeez Mohammed  Environmental Protection and Improvement Board - KRG  
Ms. Sundus Hadi Jumaah  Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Ibrahim Khaleel Ibrahim Ibrahim  Second Secretory  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Ghufran Dheyab Abdulhussein Al-Mahdawi  
Mr. Ahmed Hammodi Hamdi Al-Husaini  
Mr. Mustafa Mahmood Mustafa  Senior Engineer  Climate Change Center  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Oday Hadi Haddawee AL-Bayati  Ministry of Health and Environment  
Ms. Halah Fouad Salih Al-haddad  Translator  Climate Change Center  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Shawkat Saib Jameel Al-Kadhumi  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Afaq Ibrahim Jumaah Al-Salih  
Ms. Inas Akram Radeef Al-Ani  
Mr. Osamah Ibrahim Mohammed Al-Azzawi  Ministry of Health and Environment  
Mr. Saif Mohammed Salih Al-Dhoi  
Mr. Munaf Abdulhameed Mohammed Al-Musawi  Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Khudhair Abbas Mohammed Al-Rubaye  
Ms. Zainab Hussein Chmagh Al-Saedi  
Ms. Shatha Mustafa Mohammed Al-Salihi  
Mr. Ali Amjed Abdulkareem AL-shaybany  Third Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed M. Saleem Tawfeeq Al-Tameemi  Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Mohammed Jawad Kadhim A. Munem Alkhattab  Ministry of Planning  
Ms. Lobna Mohammed Badr  Ministry of Health and Environment  
Mr. Nadheer Abood Fazaa  
Mr. Shakir Ahmed Hag Hag  Ministry of Health and Environment  
Mr. Salam Ismaiel Hassan Hassan  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Wisam Khaleel Hwaidi Hwaidi  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Haqi Jasim Mohammed  
Mr. Salahuddin Salih Najm Najm  Ministry of Health and Environment  
Ms. Zinah Ameer Sabri  
Mr. Fadhil Arab Salih  
Mr. Sardar Kareem Samail  
Mr. Amer Obaid Saud  Ministry of Health and Environment  
Ms. May Juboori Daood Thabit  Climate Change Center  Ministry of Environment  
Ireland 
H.E. Mr. Richard Bruton  Minister of Communications, Climate Action and Environment Government of Ireland  
Mr. Brian Timothy Carroll  Assistant Secretary Climate Action and Environment  Climate Action and Environment  Department of Communications Climate Action and Environment  
Ms. Emer Griffin  Deputy Director - Climate Policy  Department of Communications, Climate Action and Environment  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Philip Noel Blackwell  Agricultural Inspector  Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine  
Ms. Mary Caffrey  Administrative Officer International Climate Policy  Climate Policy International  Department of Communications Climate Action and Environment  
Mr. Patrick Cluskey  Special Advisor  Department of Communications, Climate Action and Environment  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Martin Timothy Collins  Legal Adviser  Legal Unit  Department of Communications Climate Action and Environment  
Ms. Lucy Corcoran  Programme Executive  Research and Innovation  Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland  
Mr. Mounir El Yemlahi El Guaissi  Driver  Embassy Madrid  
Mr. Rory Geraghty  Conserjero, Embassy of Ireland to Spain  Embassy of Ireland to Spain  Government of Ireland  
Ms. Olga Grant  Assistant Principal - Climate Adaptation  Department of Communications, Climate Action and Environment  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Matthew Kennedy  Head of Strategey and Business  International Energy Research Centre  
  
Ireland (continued) 
Mr. Keith Lambkin  Senior Climatologist  Met Éireann - Department of Houseing, Planning and Local Government  Government of Ireland  
Ms. Síle Maguire  Ambassador of Ireland to Spain  Embassy of Ireland in Spain  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Frank McGovern  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Niamh McGuire  Assistant Principal - International Finance Unit  Department of Finance  Government of Ireland  
Ms. Maeve McLynn  Policy Officer  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Government of Ireland  
Mr. John Muldowney  Agricultural Inspector  Climate Change and Bioenergy  Department of Agriculture, Forestry and the Marine  
Mr. Sean Arthur O’Leary  Scientific Officer  Environmental Protection Agency  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Des O’Leary  Principle Officer - International Finance Institutions  Department of Finance  Government of Ireland  
Ms. Michaela Sullivan  Private Secretary  Department of Communications, Climate Action and Environment  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Séamus Walsh  Senior Meteorologist  Met Éireann - Department of Housing, Planning and Local Government  Government of Ireland  
Israel 
H.E. Mr. Yuval Steinitz  Minister  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Ehud Adiri  Director General  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Daphna Aviram-Nitzan  Senior Deputy Director General  The Israeli Institute of Democracy  
Ms. Ofira Ayalon  Senior Researcher  Energy and Environment  Samuel Neaman Institute for Advanced Studies in Science and Technology  
Mr. Aviv Ayash  Adviser  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Uriel Natan Ziv Babczyk  Head  Energy Efficiency Division  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Gideon Behar  Head of Bureau  Africa Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Amir Cohen  Consul  Embassy of Israel, Madrid  
Ms. Galit Cohen  Deputy Director General, Planning, Policy and Strategy  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Dalit Dror  Head of the Legal Department  Legal Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Avital Halle Eshet  Head  Economic Policy  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Mor Halutz  Chief of Staff  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Sharon Hatzor  Head  Policy, Planning and Strategy 
division  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Yoav Katz  Spokesperson  Embassy of Israel, Madrid  
Ms. Ruth Kiro  Air Quality and Climate Change Coordinator  Division of Air Quality and Climate Change  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Asaf Moran  Deputy Ambassador  Embassy of Israel, Madrid  
Ms. Shulamit Nezer  Deputy Director General, Industries and Licensing  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
H.E. Ms. Rodica Radian-Gordon  Ambassador  Embassy of Israel, Madrid  
Ms. Tamar Navah Raviv  Head  Biodiversity and Open Spaces  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Ayelet Rosen  Head  Division of Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Juan Sanchez Cabrera  Photographer  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Javier Sevilla Lérida  Driver  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Janet Shalom  Senior Adviser to the Director General  Ministry of Energy  
  
Israel (continued) 
Mr. Moshe Yanai Axelrod  Head  Agriculture and Environmental Statistics Sector  Central Bureau of Statistics  
Italy 
H.E. Mr. Sergio Costa  Minister  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
H.E. Mr. Lorenzo Fioramonti  Minister  Ministry of Education, University and Research  
Mr. Oliviero Montanaro  Director General  Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs DG SVI  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Federica Fricano  Director European Affairs and International Climate Negotiation  Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Tosca Barucco  Special Envoy for COP26  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Stefano Sannino  Ambassador  Embassy of Italy in Madrid  
Mr. Giovanni Brunelli  Director International Affairs  Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Marco Riccardo Rusconi  Diplomatic Counselor of Minister  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Fulvio Mamone Capria  Head  secretariat of the Minister of Environment  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Tullio Berlenghi  Chief Technical Secretariat Minister  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Luca Signorelli  Social Media Manager  Press Office  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Alessio Ghirlanda  interpreter  
Mr. Giampaolo Sponza  Interpreter  
Mr. Francesco Basile  Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Education, University and Research  
Ms. Nicoletta Cocco  Personal secretary of the Minister  Ministry of Education, University and Research  
Mr. Raimondo De Cardona  Diplomatic Counselor of Minister  Ministry of Education, University and Research  
Mr. Vincenzo Cramarossa  Spokesman of the Minister  Ministry of Education, University and Research  
Mr. Roberto Frangione  Minister Counsellor  Embassy of Italy in Madrd  
Mr. Simone Turchetta  First Counsellor  Embassy of Italy in Madrid  
Mr. Luis Cavalieri  Counsellor  Embassy of Italy in Madrid  
Mr. Ugo Ferrero  First Secretary  Embassy of Italy in Madrid  
Ms. Valentina Valente  Embassy of Italy  
Mr. Riccardo De Lauretis  Expert  
Department for Environmental Assessment, Monitoring and Sustainability  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Mr. Emanuele Peschi  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Ms. Daniela Romano  Expert  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Ms. Marina Vitullo  Expert  Emissions Estimation, Air Pollution and Climate Change Prevention Unit: GHG Inventory  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Ms. Barbara D’angelo  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the European Affairs and International Climate Negotiation  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Loredana Dall’ora  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the European Affairs and International Climate Negotiation  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Paola Geronzi  Logistic Expert  Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Roberta Ianna  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the European Affairs and International Climate Negotiation  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
  
Italy (continued) 
Ms. Bruna Kohan  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Vanessa Leonardi  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the European Affairs and International Climate Negotiation  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Sr. Federico Mannoni  Expert  Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Karima Oustadi  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Alessandro Giuliano Peru  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the European Affairs and International Climate Negotiation  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Swan Senesi  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Marco Strincone  Expert  National Research Council (CNR) c/o Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Elena Tadiello  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate for Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairs  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Emanuela Vignola  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at Directorate For Sustainable Development, Environmental Damage, European Union and International Affairsa  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Mr. Antonio Navarra  President  Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change  
Mr. Federico Brocchieri  Climate Change Expert  Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change  
Ms. Eleonora Cogo  Expert  Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change  
Ms. Lucia Perugini  Expert  Division on Climate Change Impacts on Agriculture, Forests and Ecosystem  Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change  
Mr. Grammenos Mastrojeni  Seconded Climate and Energy Official  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Bianca Longobardi  Office for enegy Environment and Sustainability  Director General for Global Issues  
Mr. Filippo Scammacca del Murgo e dell’Agnone  Senior Climatic Coordinator  Directorate General for Global Issues  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Luca Maestripieri  Director General  Italian Agency for Development Cooperation  
Mr. Emilio Ciarlo  Director  Institutional Relations and Communications Office  Italian Agency for Development Cooperation  
Ms. Valeria Clara Rizzo  Director  Environment office - Land use  Italian Agency for Development Cooperation  
Ms. Gelsomina Vigliotti  Director General of International Financial Relations  Department of the Treasury  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. Giuseppe Alati  Director  International and Institutional Relations  Ministry of Infrastructures and Transport  
Mr. Alessandro Manuel Benvenuto  Member of Parliament  Chairman of the Committee on the Environment  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Chiara Braga  Member of Parliament  Member of Environment Commission  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Antonio Federico  Deputy  Environment Commission  Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Parliament  
Mr. Adriano Picone  Officer  Environment Commission  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Umberto Cini  Interpreter  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Pasqua L’abbate  Senator  Senato della Repubblica  
Mr. Federico Guglielmo Pommier Vincelli  Staff - Servizio Affari Internazionali del Senato  Senato della Repubblica  
  
Italy (continued) 
Mr. Massimo Natale Caminiti  Expert  Head of Mitigation and Adaptation on Climate Change Service Technical Unit and Environmental Modeling  Italian National Agency for New Technologies, Energy and Sustainable Economic Development  
Mr. Sergio La Motta  Expert  National Agency for New Technologies, Energy and the Environment  
Mr. Giacomo Pallante  Expert  Italian National Agency for New Technologies, Energy and Sustainable Economic Development  
Ms. Maria Velardi  Researcher  Italian National Agency for New Technologies, Energy and Sustainable Economic Development  
Ms. Sarah Cordero Pinchansky  Organización Internacional Ítalo-latinoamericana - IILA  
Mr. Leonardo Maria Costanzo  
Mr. Marco Gisotti  Press Office of Minister  Ministry for the Environment, Land and Sea  
Ms. Annalidia Pansini  Esperto  Presidenza del Consiglio  
Jamaica 
Ms. Una May Gordon  Principal Director, Climate Change  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Economic Growth and Job Creation  
Ms. Deniese Ava-Lou Sealey  Assitant Director  Economic Affairs Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade  
Ms. Le-Anne Roper  Senior Technical Officer Adaptation  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Economic Growth and Job Creation  
Mr. Omar Yuvual Alcock  Senior Technical Officer, Mitigation  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Economic Growth and Job Creation  
Ms. Marilyn Veronica Headley  Chief Executive Officer and Conservator of Forests  Forestry Department  
Mr. Clifford Mahlung  Project Manager, EBA Project  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Economic Growth and Job Creation  
Ms. Anaitee Mills  Climate Finance Advisor  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Althea Andrea Roper  Manager  Aviation Statistics, Airfares and Rates  Jamaica Civil Aviation Authority  
Ms. Rainee Oliphant  Legal Officer  Forestry Department  Government of Jamaica  
Ms. Karen Marie Small  Policy Analyst  Bureau of Gender Affairs  Ministry of Culture, Gender, Entertainment and Sport  
Mr. Ashani Orane Bartley  Alliance of Small Island States  
Ms. Katherine Melissa Blackman  Climate Finance Advisor  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Economic Growth and Job Creation  
Ms. Karelle Ann Yakini Samuda  
Japan 
H.E. Mr. Shinjiro Koizumi  Minister  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Masahiro Takasugi  Deputy Assistant Minister  International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kaoru Magosaki  Director  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kensuke Nagase  Senior Negotiator for Climate Change  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yuji Mizuno  Senior Negotiator for Climate Change  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Toru Sugio  Senior Negotiator for Climate Change  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yoshiaki Makino  Deputy Director  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tomonobu Sato  Deputy Director  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Takashi Matsumoto  Official  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tatsuya Wadaguchi  Official  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Momo Shioyama  Official  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
  
Japan (continued) 
Mr. Shoichi Ueda  Deputy Director  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yoshihiro Mizutani  Counsellor  Embassy of Japan in Germany  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tomoko Hirai  Researcher, Advisor  Embassy of Japan in Germany  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Ai Kaibu  First Secretary  Embassy of Japan in the USA  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Go Kobayashi  First Secretary  The Mission of Japan to the EU  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Shingo Kondo  First Secretary  Permanent Mission of Japan to the International Organizations in Geneva  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Kenji Hiramatsu  Ambassador  Embassy of Japan in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Makoto Morihashi  Counsellor  Embassy of Japan in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Takuma Inoue  First Secretary, Political Section  Embassy of Japan in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Daisuke Yoshikawa  First Secretary, Economy  Embassy of Japan in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Takayuki Shiina  First Secretary, Economy  Embassy of Japan in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Naoko Tsuge  Technical and Administrative Staff, Administration  
Embassy of Japan in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Takahito Katayama  Director  International Policy Division, Department of International Policy  The Japanese Trade Union Confederation  
Mr. Hitoshi Suzuki  Assistant Director  Economic and Social Policy Division, Department of Policy  The Japanese Trade Union Confederation  
Mr. Kiyoshi Tanigawa  Senior Manager  Environment and Energy Policy Bureau  Keidanren  
Mr. Hiroyuki Tezuka  Fellow  JFE Steel Corp.  
Mr. Takejiro Sueyoshi  Representative, Japan Climate Initiative  Vice-Chair of Executive Board, Renewable Energy Institute  
Mr. Naoyuki Yamagishi  Leader  Climate and Energy Group, Conservation Division  WWF Japan  
Mr. Masayoshi Iyoda  Research Fellow  Kyoto Office  Kiko Network  
Ms. Risa Adachi  Deputy Director-General  Japan Center for a Sustainable Environment and Society  
Mr. Yuji Iida  Director-General  Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Tomoyoshi Yahagi  Deputy Director-General for Environmental Affairs  Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Toshiaki Nagata  Director  Global Environment Partnership Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Akira Izumo  Deputy Director  Global Environment Partnership Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Miho Suzuki  Deputy Director  Global Environment Partnership Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Kaori Takagi  Chief Administrator  Global Environment Partnership Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Haruna Machida  Official  Global Environment Partnership Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Yukihiro Kawaguchi  Director  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
  
Japan (continued) 
Ms. Yuko Sugihara  Chief Administrator  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Rina Saito  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Fumihiro Kajikawa  Director  Environmental Economy Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Miyuki Yamaoka  Chief Administrator  Environmental Economy Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Takahiro Ueno  Senior Researcher  Central Research Institute of Electric Power Industry  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Kenta Horio  Researcher  Central Research Institute of Electric Power Industry  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Kiyoshi Komatsu  Senior Researcher  The Institute of Energy Economics, Japan, Global Environment and Sustainable Development Unit  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Kenichi Wada  Senior Researcher  Research Institute of Innovative 
Technology for the Earth, Systems Analysis Group  Ministy of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Kazuhiko Hombu  Visiting Professor  The University of Tokyo, Graduate School of Public Policy  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Jun Arima  Professor  Graduate School of Public Policy, University of Tokyo  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Yoshitomo Kondo  Director  Development Issues International Bureau  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Masaru Abe  Deputy Director  Development Policy Division, International Bureau  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Izumi Mori  Deputy Director  Environment and Energy Division, Research and Development Bureau  Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology  
Ms. Akiko Nagano  Deputy Director  Environment Policy Office, Policy Planning Division, Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Masahiro Segawa  Senior Policy Adviser  Sustainable Agriculture Division, Agricultural Production Bureau  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Shuji Tani  Counselor  Forest Multiple Use and Conservation Division, Private Forest Department, Forestry Agency  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Tsutomu Koyama  Assistant Director  
Forest Multiple Use and Conservation Division, Private Forest Department, Forestry Agency  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Ms. Akiko Nakano  Assistant Director  International Forestry Cooperation Office, Planning Division, Private Forest Department, Forestry Agency  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Ms. Yasuko Inoue  Senior Researcher  REDD Research and Development Center  Forestry and Forest Products Research Institute  
Ms. Yoko Asada  Senior Analyst  Policy Research and Consulting Division, Environment and Energy Department  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Mr. Taro Izumi  Sub Project Leader  Rural Development Division  Japan International Research Center for Agricultural Sciences  
Mr. Toshinori Aoyagi  Technical Official, Senior Coordinator for Global Climate Observation Networks  Administration Division, Global Environment and Marine Department, Japan Meteorological Agency  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Atsushi Goto  Technical Official, Senior Scientific Officer  Climate Prediction Division, Global Environment and Marine Department, Japan Meteorological Agency  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
  
Japan (continued) 
Ms. Hiromi Nagayama  Chief Official  Policy Planning and Research Office, General Affairs Division, Civil Aviation Bureau  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Shintaro Wada  Deputy Director  Green Spaces Environment Office, Parks, Green Spaces and Landscape Division, City Bureau  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Kochi Tonosaki  Researcher  Urban Green Technology Laboratory  Organization for Landscape and Urban Green Infrastructure  
Mr. Hiroshi Takahashi  Technical Official  Policy Bureau, Environmental Policy Division  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Yuri Konishi  Technical Official  Policy Bureau, Environmental Policy Division  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Kohei Iwaki  Director for Environment Policy  Ocean Development and Environment Policy Division, Maritime Bureau  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Masaki Nabekura  Official Secretary to the Minister of the Environment  Personnel Division, Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Kaname Hoshiba  Private Secretary to the Minister of the Environment  Personnel Division, Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Reo Kawamura  Official Secretary to the Minister 
of the Environment  Personnel Division, Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Tomohiro Sawada  Official Secretary to the Minister of the Environment  Personnel Division, Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hiromitsu Sato  Security Police  Personnel Division, Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Satoru Morishita  Vice-Minister for Global Environmental Affairs  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Yoshihide Hirao  Director  Minister’s Secretariat Policy Coordination, Evaluation and Public Relations Division Public Relations Office  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Keita Suzuki  Deputy Director  International Strategy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Sho Noguchi  Official  Environmental Strategy Division, Minister’s Secretariat,  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Satoko Nagai  Interpreter  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Mieko Nakano  Interpreter  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hiroshi Ono  Director-General  Environmental Management Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Keiko Segawa  Deputy Director-General  Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Michihiro Oi  Director  International Strategy Division, 
Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hiroshi Tsujihara  Director for International Strategy on Climate Change  Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Satoshi Yoshida  Deputy Director  General Policy Division, Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Taishi Okano  Official  International Strategy on Climate Change, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Tsuyoshi Kitamoto  Official  International Strategy on Climate Change, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Kazuhisa Koakutsu  Director for International Negotiations  Office of Market Mechanism and Climate Change Policy Division, Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Kazumasa Nagamori  Senior Negotiator  Office of Market Mechanism and Climate Change Policy Division, Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Maiko Uga  Official  Office of Market Mechanism and Climate Change Policy Division, Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Noriko Hase  Deputy Director  Office of Global Environment and Decarbonizing Innovation Research , Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
  
Japan (continued) 
Mr. Takeshi Abe  Senior Climate Change Adaptation Specialist  Office of Global Environment and Decarbonizing Innovation Research , Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Katsutoshi Ito  Deputy Director  Policy Planning Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hiroyuki Iwamoto  Deputy Director  International Strategy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Koji Yazaki  Official  Minister’s Secretariat Policy Coordination/Evaluation and Public Relations Division Public Relations Office  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hirofumi Aizawa  Director  Climate Change Projects Office, Climate Change Policy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Eiji Tanaka  Senior Coordinator for Biodiversity  Biodiversity Policy Division, Natural Conservation Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Nobuyuki Konuma  Deputy Director  Office for Promotion of Sound Material-Cycle Society, Environmental Regeneration and Material Cycles Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Daisuke Kato  Official  International Strategy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Narumi Iwata  Deputy Director  Climate Change Policy Division, 
Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Naoko Suzuki  Official  Office of Global Environment and Decarbonizing Innovation Research, Climate Change Adaptation Office, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Wataru Sasayama  Climate Change Specialist  International Strategy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hirotaka Kaneko  Official  Environmental Strategy Division, Minister’s Secretariat,  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Mahoyo Ueno  Senior Environment Expert  International Cooperation and Sustainable Infrastructure Office, International Strategy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Takashi Morimoto  Chief Analyst  Environment and Energy Department, Policy Research and Consulting Division  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Mr. Masato Yano  Chief Analyst  Environment and Energy Department, Policy Research and Consulting Division  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Mr. Atsushi Sato  Chief Analyst  Environment and Energy Department, Policy Research and Consulting Division  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Ms. Yui Ogawa  Analyst  Environment and Energy Department, Policy Research and Consulting Division  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Ms. Elsa Hatanaka  Senior Researcher  Greenhouse Gas Inventory Office of Japan  National Institute for Environmental Studies  
Mr. Naofumi Kosaka  GHG Inventory Expert  Greenhouse Gas Inventory Office of Japan  National Institute for Environmental Studies  
Mr. Kentaro Takahashi  Programme Manager  Climate and Energy Area  Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  
Ms. Junko Ota  Researcher  Kitakyushu Urban Center  Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  
Ms. Akibi Tsukui  Researcher  Climate and Energy Area  Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  
Mr. Makoto Kato  Principal Researcher  Project Development Department  Overseas Environmental Cooperation Center, Japan  
Mr. Riki Nakajima  Researcher  Project Development Department  Overseas Environmental Cooperation Center, Japan  
Ms. Madoka Kimura  Progamme Associate  United Nations University-Institute for the advanced Study of Sustainability  
Ms. Kaoru Yamaguchi  Programme Officer  Tokyo Office, Financing Programme Group  Global Environment Centre Foundation  
  
Japan (continued) 
Mr. Yusuke Teraoka  Assistant Director  Transportation and ICT Group Infrastracture and Peacebuilding Department  Japan International Cooperation Agency  
Mr. Satoru Iino  Deputy Director  Water Environment Division, Office of Marine Environment  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Tamaki Takao  Official  Water Environment Division, Office of Marine Environment  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hidekazu Kuraya  Director  Office of Fluorocarbons Control Policy  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Kazuaki Takahashi  Director  Climate Change Adaptation Office, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Masato Ohkawa  Deputy Director  General Policy Division, Minister’s Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Minako Tanaka  Official  Industrial and Hazardous Waste Management Division, Environmental Regeneration and Material Cycles Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hiromichi Mizuno  Executive Managing Director, Chief Investment Officer  Government Pension Investment Fund  
Mr. Hidenori Saito  General Manager  International Department  Ishikawa-Gumi, Ltd.  
Mr. Hideo Kitamura  Manager  CCS Development and 
Engineering Group, Thermal Power Services Engineering Department, Power Systems Division  Toshiba Energy Systems and Solutions Corporation  
Jordan 
H.E. Mr. Saleh Al-Kharabseh  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Ahmad Al Qatarneh  Secretary General  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Belal Shqarin  Director of Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Manar Abu Hazim  Engineer  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Jihad Alsawair  Director of Green Growth, Advisor  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Rasmi Bani Saied  Executive Director  Jordan Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Fund  
Kazakhstan 
Mr. Magzum Mirzagaliyev  Ministry of Ecology, Geology and Natural Resourses  
Mr. Olzhas Agabekov  Director  Climate policy and green technology Department  Ministry of Ecology, Geology and Natural Resourses  
Mr. Akhmetzhan Primkulov  Vice Minister  Ministry of Ecology, Geology and Natural Resources of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Daulet Abilkairov  Deputy Chairman of the Management Board  IGTIC  
Mr. Abylay Abykhan  Attache  
Embassy of the Republic of Kazakhstan in Spain  
Mr. Azamat Alimbayev  Director General  JSC Zhasyl Damu  
Ms. Aliya Bitegenova  Teacher  University  
Ms. Daniela Carrington  International Climate Change Consultant  
Mr. Bauyrzhan Kerimkulov  Head of the international organizations unit  Multilateral cooperation department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Ms. Ainur Kopbayeva  Head of Division  Climate policy and green technology Department  Ministry of Ecology, Geology and Natural Resourses  
Mr. Alikhan Mukhamedi  Deputy Director  International Cooperation and Climate Investments Department  IGTIC  
Mr. Saulet Sakenov  Project Manager  UNDP GEF/NGO Small-Grants Programme  
Ms. Gulmira Sergazina  Deputy Director General  JSC Zhasyl Damu  
Mr. Olzhas Suleimenov  Minister counselor  Embassy of the Republic of Kazakhstan in Spain  
Mr. Zufar Tokpaev  
Mr. Almurat Turganbekov  Councelor  Embassy of the Republic of Kazakhstan in Spain  
Ms. Aiman Yessekina  Head  Kazakhstan ETS development  JSC Zhasyl Damu  
  
Kazakhstan (continued) 
Mr. Yerlan Zhetybayev  Director  IGTIC  
Kenya 
Mr. Charles C. Mutai  Director  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Pacifica F. A. Ogola  Director Climate Programmes Coordination  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Sunya O. Morongei  Director  National Drought Monitoring Authority  
Ms. Rose A. Akombo  Kenya Forest Service  
Mr. Stephen M. Nzioka  
Mr. Joshua O. Were  Manager, Environment and CDM  Kenya Electricity Generating Company  
Mr. Isaiah K. Toroitich  Climate Change Policy and Advocacy Officer  Secretariat  ACT Alliance  
Ms. Mirriam A. Omala-Gauvin  
Mr. Ibrahim M. Adan  
Ms. Nicholas K. Boroon  
Ms. Elizabeth W. Chege  
Mr. Jacob K. Chepkwony  Council of Governors  
Ms. Charity K. Chepkwony  Member of Parliament  The National Assembly  
Ms. Esther W. Gacanja  State Department of Transport  
Mr. Francis C. Ganya  Member of Parliament  The National Assembly  
Ms. Bianca W. Gichangi  
Mr. Winstone N. Gicheru  Kenya Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Joseph M. Gitau  Council of Governors  
Mr. James K.B. Githure  
Mr. Dhadho G. Godhana  Council of Governors  
Ms. Michelle N. Holi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Moses O. Jura  
Mr. James G. Kairo  
Mr. David M. Kamau  
Mr. John W. Kanini  Council of Governors  
Ms. Peris W. Kariuki  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. John Kioli  
Ms. Aileen C. Kipkemoi  
Mr. Gibson M. Kiragu  Deputy Director  Land Reclamation  Ministry of Water and Irrigation  
Ms. Evelyne C. Koech  
Mr. Hilary K. Kosgei  Member of Parliament  National Assembly  Parliament  
Mr. Joseph K. Lagat  Council of Governors  
Ms. Jael Ludeki  Legal Officer  Kenya Pipeline Corporation  
Ms. Severine D. Luyali  
Ms. Jackline N. Makokha  Deputy Director  Ministry of Public Service Youth and Gender  State Department for Gender  
Mr. John M. Mbuthi  
Mr. Ali Mohamed  Office of the President  
Ms. Anne M. Mruche  
Mr. Julius M. Muia  
Mr. Joseph N. Mukundi  
Mr. Joseph G. Mureithi  
Mr. James M. Muriithi  
Mr. Antony K. Muthondu  
Mr. Moses W. Nandalwe  Council of Governors  
Ms. Veronica N. Ndetu  State Department of Agriculture  
Mr. Festus K. Ngeno  Council of Governors  
Ms. Esther W. Nginyo  Research Officer  National Assembly  
Mr. Francis K. Nyambariga  
Ms. Mary Nyasimi  Gender and Policy Specialist  
Ms. Beatrice K. Obwocha  Council of Governors  
Mr. Peter O. Odhengo  Policy Advisor  The National Treasury  
Mr. Christopher M. Oisebe  Director  The National Treasury  
Ms. Elizabeth A. Okwousa  Research Assistant  Kenya Agricultural Research Institute  
Ms. Anne N. Omambia  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Christopher A. Onyango  Council of Governors  
Mr. Richard Opembe  Ambassador  Embassy of Kenya to the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Wilber K. Ottichilo  Council of Governors  
Mr. Fredrick O. Ouma  
Mr. James Sankale  Council of Governors  
Mr. Jairus I. Serede  
Ms. Betty Sungura  
Ms. Anne C. Tek  Programme Officer  Council of Governors  
  
Kenya (continued) 
Ms. Maryline G. Tola  Council of Governors  
Ms. Emma N. Twange  Council of Governors  
Mr. George Wamukoya  
Ms. Elizabeth Wathuti  Founder  Education and Advocacy  Green Generation Initiative  
Kiribati 
H.E. Mr. Taneti Maamau  President  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Naomi Biribo  Deputy Head of Delegation  
Ms. Maryanne Mikaere Namakin  Secretary Office of Te Beretitenti  Office of Te Beretitenti/President  
Mr. Michael Sarbane Foon  Director - Strategic National Policy Division  Office of Te Beretitenti  
Mr. Choi Being Yeeting  Senior Policy Advisor on Climate Change and National Climate Change Coordinator  Strategic National Policy Division, Climate Change Unit  Office of Te Beretitenti  
Mr. Ueneta Toorua  Director of Meteorological Services  Kiribati Meteorological Services  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Beretitara Neeti  Private Secretary  Office of the President  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Kamaitia Sverige Rubetaake  Climate Officer  Kiribati Meteorological Services  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Reetaake Takabwere  Aide de campe  Kiribati Police Services  
Ms. Teea Tira  Coordinator - Strategic Program 
for Climate Resilience  Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat  
Ms. Emmeruti Mataiti  Communications officer  Office of Te Beretitenti  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Tabita Kaitamakin Awira Awerika  Youth Delegate  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Matea Nauto  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Immigration  Government of Kiribati  
Kuwait 
H.E. Mr. Sheikh Abdullah Ahmad H.J. Alsabah  Minister  Environment Public Authority  
H.E. Mr. Ghanim AlGhanim  Ambassador  Legal Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Shareef Alkhayat  Manager  Air Quality Monitoring Department  Environment Public Authority  
Mr. Haitham Alali  Director of Shuwaikh Power Plant  Ministry of Electricity and Water  
Mr. Mohammad Albloushi  HSSE engineer  Kuwait Petroleum International Co.  
Mr. Dhari Algharaballi  Team Leader  Safety and Environment Systems  Kuwait Integrated Petroleum Industries Company  
Mr. Naser Alhabab  Head of Crisis Management, Security and Fire Prevention Team  Kuwait Petroleum Corporation  
Mr. Yahya Alhadban  Research Associate  Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research  
Mr. Abdulaziz Alibraheem  Third secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yousef Alkhamis  Manager LPG Fillingbranch  Kuwait Oil Tanker Company  
Mr. Jarah Almutairi  Diplomatic Attache  Embassy of the State of Kuwait in Spain  Kuwait Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Najlaa Almuzaini  Administrative Coordinator  Planning and International Relations Department  Kuwait Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Yousef Alnajar  Senior environmental Engineer  Kuwait Gulf Oil Company  
Mr. Jasem Alnouri  Environmental Engineer  Petrochemical Industries Company  
Ms. Hannan Alqanai  Senior Environmentalist  Kuwait Integrated Petroleum Industries Co.  
Mr. Yousef Alrasheedi  Division Head Quality A.H.S.E  Kuwait Oil Tanker Co.  
H.E. Mr. Ayadah Alsaidi  Ambassador  Embassy of Kuwait in Spain  Kuwait Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ali Alshammari  HSE Team Leader  Petrochemical Industries Company  
Mr. Nasser Z Alshareef  First Specialist Engineer, Civil-Environmental  Ministry of Electricity and Water  
Mr. Mohammad Alsharji  Counsellor  Embassy of Kuwait in Spain  Kuwait Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Nawaf A. Alshatti  Team Leader Maintenance  Kuwait Oil Tanker Company  
Mr. Abdullah Alshebeeb  
  
Kuwait (continued) 
Mr. Fahad Aqattan  Team Leader Health Safety and Environment System  Kuwait Oil Company  
Mr. Jaber Ashatti  Manager Quality Assurance  Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Company  
Mr. Abdullah Bo-khalaf  Senior HSE Engineer Quality Assurance  Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Company  
Ms. Hanan Malallah  Climate Change Section  Follow-up and Air Quality Monitoring Department  Environment Public Authority  
Kyrgyzstan 
Ms. Aizada Barieva  Head of Division  Ecological Strategy and Policy Division  The State Agency on Environment Protection and Forestry of the Kyrgyz Republic  
Ms. Aizada Kiiazova  Leading Specialist  Ecological Strategy and Policy Division  The State Agency on Environment Protection and Forestry of the Kyrgyz Republic  
Lao People’s Democratic Republic 
Mr. Saynakhone Inthavong  Vice Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Sangkhane Thiangthammavong  Director General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Immala Inthaboualy  Director of GHG Inventory and Mitigation Division  Department of Climate Change  
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Amphayvanh Oudomdeth  Deputy Director, General Affairs Division  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Kinnalone Phommasack  Deputy Director of REDD+ Division  Department of Forestry  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Somchay Sanontry  Deputy Director General  Department of Forestry  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Khatthaneth Sensathith  Technical staff  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Khathaphone Somvorachit  Officer, Division of UN Economic and Social Affairs  Department of International Organization, MOFA  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Daovinh Souphonphacdy  Deputy Director Division of Promotion Climate Change  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Latvia 
H.E. Mr. Arturs Krisjanis Karins  Prime Minister of the Republic of Latvia  
H.E. Mr. Juris Púce  Minister  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
Ms. Alda Ozola  Deputy State Secretary  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
Ms. Elina Baltroka  Head of Climate Change and Adaptation Policy Division  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
H.E. Ms. Argita Daudze  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Latvia in Spain  
Mr. Raivis Broks  Security Officer  Latvian State Security Service  
Ms. Aelita Cakure  Deputy Head  COREPER I Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Latvia  
Ms. Agita Gancone  Senior Expert  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
Mr. Raimonds Kass  Acting Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
Ms. Lelde Lice-Licite  EU Affairs Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Republic of Latvia  Prime Minister’s Office of the Republic of Latvia  Cabinet of Ministers  
Ms. Ieva Licite  Research Assistant  Latvian State Forest Research Institute Silava  
Ms. Ingeborga Linde  Senior Expert  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
  
Latvia (continued) 
Ms. Peteris Lusis  Researcher  Monash University  
Ms. Kristiana Plate  Youth Delegate  
Ms. Zane Pommere  Senior Desk Officer  COREPER I Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Latvia  
Mr. Nils Sakss  Director  Fiscal Policy Department  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Elina Saldovere  Third Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Latvia in Spain  
Ms. Ieva Ziberga  Adviser to the Prime Minister for Policy Planning and Communication Affairs  Prime Minister’s Office of the Republic of Latvia  Cabinet of Ministers  
Lebanon 
H.E. Mr. Fady Jreissaty  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Ms. Hala Keyrouz  Ambassador of Lebanon in Spain  
Mr. Vahakn Kabakian  Climate Change Advisor  Climate Change Unit  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Mary Awad  Transparency Expert  Climate Change Unit  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Chantale Bassim  Diplomatic Secretary at the Embassy of Lebanon to the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Yara Daou  Inventory Expert  Climate Change Unit  Ministry of Environment  
Lesotho 
H.E. Mr. Ntoi Rapapa  Minister  Ministry of Energy and Meteorology  
H.E. Mr. Tefo Fabian Mapesela  Minister  Ministry of Forestry, Soil and Land Reclamation  Ministry of Forestry, Range and Soil Conservation  
Mr. Mahala Molapo  Minister  Ministry of Local Government  
Mr. Khomoatsana Tau  Principal Secretary  Administration  Ministry of Energy and Meteorology  
Mr. Mokoena France  Principal Meteorologist  Lesotho Meteorological Services  Ministry of Energy and Meteorology  
Ms. Malintle Kheleli  Teacher  Geography Movement  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Maollane Lebaka  Forester  Department of Forestry  Ministry of Forestry and Land Degradation  
Ms. Lefulesele Lebesa  Director  Agriculture Research  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Ms. Keneuoe Victoria Lehloenya  Director  Department of Livestock Services  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Ms. Palesa Eugenia Leoaneka  Principal Conservation Officer  Range Resources Management  Ministry of Range and Land Reclamation  
Ms. Kabelo Nteboheng Lethunya  Economic Planner  Ministry of Local Government  
Mr. Mosuoe Letuma  Meteorologist  Meteorology  Lesotho Meteorological Services  
Ms. Maseithati Mary Mabeleng  Principal Secretary  Ministry of Forestry, Range and Soil Conservation  
Ms. Mabafokeng Felesiah Mahahabisa  Director  Lesotho Meteorological Services  Ministry of Energy and Meteorology  
Mr. Matela Makhetha  Forester  Deaprtment of Forestry  Ministry of Forestry and Land Degradation  
Mr. Habofanoe Makopela  Director  Planning Unit  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Ntlhoi Alice Motsamai  Member of Parliament  Lesotho Parliament  
Mr. Malefetsane Joachim Nthimo  Chief Conservation Officer  Soil and Water Conservation  Ministry of Forestry and Land Degradation  
Ms. Matsobotsi Phakisi  Senior Economic Planner  National Authorizing Office  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Retselisitsoe Daniel Pheko  Project Manager  Small Holder Agricultural Development  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Mr. Muso Raliselo  Principal Energy Officer  Department of Energy  Ministry of Energy and Meteorology  
Mr. Ratsele Clement Ratsele  Director  Range Resource Management  Ministry of Forestry, Range and Land Reclamation  
  
Lesotho (continued) 
Mr. Sekoati Elias Sekaleli  Director  Department of Soil Conservation  Ministry of Land Reclamation  
Mr. Khothatso Emmanuel Tsooana  Principal Secretary  Ministry of Local Government  
Liberia 
Mr. Nathaniel Tennie Blama Sr.  Executive Director  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Benjamin S. Karmorh, Jr  Coordinator  Climate Change Enabling Activities  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Abimael Benjamin Arimi  Youth Empowerment and Education Network Inc.  
Ms. Lina Barrera  Senior Director  Conservation International  
Ms. Erin Beasley  Manager, Climate Change Policy  International Policy  Conservation International  
Mr. Arthur R.M. Becker  Project Officer  Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Ms. Margaret Comstock  Senior Director Climate Policy  Conservation International US  
Mr. Saah Augustine David Jr  National REDD+ Coordinator  Forestry Development Authority  
Ms. Danise Love Dennis  Media and Communication Specialist  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Ms. Josephine Florence Doles  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mme Sylvia Saygbay D. Dorbor  
Mr. Mike Doryen  Managing Director  Forestry Development Authority  
Mr. Joseph Nyan Flomo  Fauna and Flora International  
Ms. Mariamu Beyan Fofana  Representative District #4, Lofa County  National Legislature  
Ms. Clara Bethany Gallagher  
Mr. Nick Benitos Goll II  Environmental Safeguards Coordinator  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Dominic T. Johns  
Mr. Yekeh Patrick Johnson  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Mohammed Kamara  President  Liberian National Student Union  
Mr. William Tamba Kamba  Superintendent, Lofa County  Minstry of Internal Affairs  
Mr. Isaac Nyaneyon Kannah  MRV Specialist-REDD+  Forestry Development Authority  
Mr. Tolbert Allakamini Kerkulah  Consultant  Monrovia City Corporation  
Mr. Halala Willie Kokulo  Director of Water and Land Resources  Technical Services  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Tom-Wesley N. Korkpor  Liberia Land Authority  
Ms. Salimatu Comah Lamin-Gilayeneh  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. J. Adams Manobah  Acting Chairman  Liberia Land Authority  
Mr. Peter G. Mulbah  Deputy Country Director  Conservation International Liberia Office  
Ms. Comfort Tweh Sakui  Manager-AED  Forestry Development Authority  
H.E. Ms. Williametta Edouarda Saydee-Tarr  Minister of Gender, Children and Social Protection  
Mr. Jeremiah Garwo Sokan Sr  National Coordinator  National Climate Change Secretariat  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Teddy Penneku Taylor  Executive Director  Youth Climate Change Initiative  
Mr. Zargou Elijah Whapoe  Manager, Planning and Policy  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Henry O. Williams  Executive Director  National Disaster Management Agency  
Mr. Edwin Yorvos  Legal Officer  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Libya 
H.E. Mr. Walid B.D Abuabdalla  Ambassador of Libya in Madrid  
Mr. Ali  Director,  Technical Cooperation Department  Environment General Authority  
Mr. Elfateh M.S. Kaiem  Prime Secretary  Libyan Embassy, Madrid  
Mr. Sufian fahmi Karim Jali  Empolyee  Libyan Embassy, Madrid  
Mr. Atef Shamash  Vice Ambassador  Libyan Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs   
Liechtenstein 
H.E. Ms. Dominique Hasler  Minister  Ministry for Home Affairs, Education and Environment  Government of the Principality of Liechtenstein  
Ms. Heike Summer  Head of Bureau International Affairs and Climate  Staff Unit International Affairs and Climate  Office of Environment  
Ms. Alina Brunhart  Senior Advisor  Office for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Stephan Jaeger  Senior Advisor  Ministry of Environment  Government of Liechtenstein  
Lithuania 
Mr. Marius Narmontas  Vice Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Vilija Augutaviciene  Head of Climate Change Management Group  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Gintare Gulbine  Chief Specialist  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Jurga Valainyte  Chief Specialist  Climate Change Management Group  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Skaiste Aniuliene  Ambassador  Embassy of Lithuania in Spain  
Mr. Laurynas Gelunas  Embassy of Lithuania in Spain  
Ms. Sabrina Kmitaite  Chief Desk Officer  EU and International Affairs  Ministry of Finance  
Luxembourg 
S.E. M. Royal Highness Henri  Grand Duke  
S.E. Mme Carole Dieschbourg  Minister  
S.E. M. Pierre Gramegna  Ministre des Finances  
M. André Weidenhaupt  Directeur Général  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. Georges Gehl  Attaché de Gouvernement Premier en Rang  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
S.E. Mme Michèle Pranchère-Tomassini  Ambassadrice  Ambassade du Luxembourg en Espagne  
M. Eric De Brabanter  Employé  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. François Benoy  Député  
M. Lennart Duschinger  Attaché  Ministère des Finances  
Mme Nadine Faber  
M. Jérôme Faé  Attaché  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. Andrew Ferrone  Chargé d’Études  Service de la Météorologie, Adminstration des Services Techniques de l’Agriculture  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de la Viticulture et du Développement Rural  
M. Paul Galles  Député  
Mme Virginie Gilbert  Agent de la Coopération  Direction de la coopération au développement et de l’action humanitaire  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères et Européennes  
M. Robert Kohnen  Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide de Camp  Cour Grand-Ducale  
Mme Sophie Margue  
M. Christophe Schoentgen  Chef de mission adjoint  Ambassade du Luxembourg en Espagne  
M. Jimmy Skenderovic  Attaché  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. Tom Theobald  Directeur du développement et de la promotion de la place financière  Ministère des Finances  
M. Gerber Van Vliet  Chef de service  Administration des Services Techniques de l’Agriculture  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de la Viticulture et du Développement Rural  
Madagascar 
H.E. Mr. Alexandre Marie Georget  Minister of Environment and Sustainable Development  
S.E. M. Richard James Randriamandrato  Ministre de l’Economie et des Finances  
M. Lala Noelison Jacques Ranaivomanana  Sécretaire Général  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
M. Laurent Ampilahy  Directeur Général  Office National pour l’Environnement  
M. Tiana Herizo Andrianandrasana  Directeur Regional de l’Environnement et Developpement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
  
Madagascar (continued) 
Mme Hanitra Nomentsoa Andrianantenaina ép. Andrianarivony  Co-lead du Comité Adaptation   Groupe Thématique CC, GTCC  
Mme Mirindra Zo Nambinina Andrianantenaina ép. Manankasina  Directeur Executif  ONG Maharitra  
M. Jean Jacques Jaozandry  Directeur du reboisement  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
M. Michel Omer Laivao  Point Focal National  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Écologie et des Forêts  
M. Andriamanjato Mamitiana  Directeur  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Écologie et des Forêts  
Mr. Todisoa Manankasina  Chef de Service  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mme Bebiniaina Liliane Elvine Parany ép. Rakotoarisoa  Chargée de Conservation  Madagascar Parc National  
M. Andrianarisoa Mamy Rakotoarijaona  Directeur General  Madagascar Parc National  
M. Zo Andrianina Patrick Heritiana Rakotomavo  Chef du Service Recherche Hydrométéorologique,  Ministère des Transports, du Tourisme et de la Météorologie.  
M. Herizo Rakotovololonalimanana  Directeur Général Environnement et Foret  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
M. Lantonirina Harivelo Ramaroson  Directeur General  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de l’Elevage et de la Peche  
Mr. Fenohery Rarivoarivelo Randrianantenaina  Directeur de la Planification, de la Programmation, de Suivi et d’Evaluation  Ministère de l’Environnement, et Developpement Durable  
Mme Andrinirina Stéphanie Viviane Marie Randrianarisoa  Chargée de Mission  Ministère de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Lovakanto Njaran ny Fo Ravelomanana  Directeur  Ministère de l’Environnement et Developpement Durable  
Malawi 
H.E. Mr. Arthur Peter Mutharika  President  State House  Government of Malawi  
H.E. Mr. Bintony Savings Baineti Kutsaira  Cabinet Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources, Energy and Mining  Government of Malawi  
H.E. Mr. Francis Kasaila  Minister  Foreign Affairs  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Oliver Mathews Kumbambe  Chief Director for Natural Resources  Ministry of Natural Resources, Energy and Mining  Government of Malawi  
Ms. Tawonga Grace Mbale  Director  Environmental Affairs Department, Ministry of Natural Resources, Energy and Mining  Government of Malawi  
H.E. Mr. Kenna Alewa Mphonda  High Commissioner  
Mr. Ben Amigu Botolo  Principal Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  Government of Malawi  
H.E. Ms. Quent Madalo Kalichero  
Mr. Bright Molande  
Mr. Chigumula Harvey  Chief of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Kingsley Ross Magomero  Personal Physician  State House  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Chiyembekezo Chidothe  
Mr. Jolamu Lebiamu Nkhokwe  Director  Department of Climate Change and Meteorological Services  Government of Malawi  
Mr. James Mika Killion Chiusiwa  Director of Disaster Risk Reduction  Department of Disaster Management Affairs  Government of Malawi  
Ms. Stella Funsani Gama  Director of Forestry  Department of Forestry, Ministry of Natural Resources, Energy and Mining  
Ms. Shamiso Nandi Najira  Deputy Director  Environmental Affairs Department  
Mr. Joseph Osber Kalowekamo  Deputy Director  Government  Department of Energy  
Mr. Memory Doice Chibwana  Assistant Director  Foreign Affairs  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Evans Davie Njewa  Chief Environmental Officer and UNFCCC Focal Point  Government of Malawi  
Ms. Margaret Brenda Kunje  
Mr. Hendricks Shyalulole Mgodie  Human Health and Climate Change Focal Point  Ministry of Health & Population  Government of Malawi  
  
Malawi (continued) 
Mr. Elias Ellias Tsokalida  Principal Foreign Service Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Davie Wellington Malamba  Principal Foreign Service Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Fredrick Malire  
Mr. James Nhlane  
Mr. Werani Mannasseh Chilenga  Member of Parliament  National Assembly  Government of Malawi  
Ms. Gertrude Kambauwa  Deputy Director  Department of Land Resources and Conservation  
Mr. Francis Gavin Kachule  Assistant Director  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Jaffalie Ntaja  
Ms. Miriam Dalitso Joshua  Senior Lecturer and Researcher  University of Malawi  
Mr. Yamikani Idrissah  Environmental Officer  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Vitumbiko Chinoko  Regional Advocacy Advisor  CARE International  
Mr. Kondwani Davies Ng’ong’ola  
Mr. Julius Ng’oma  National Coordinator  Government  
Ms. Joy Hayley Munthali  Gender Officer  Government of Malawi  
Ms. Violet Vitumbiko Mfune  Programmes Officer  Government of Malawi  
Ms. Chimwemwe Nyondo Njoloma  Reporter  Ministry of Information (Malawi News Agency)  Government  
Mr. Abel Kenneth Mkulama  Youth delegate  Government of Malawi  
Ms. Rebecca Chinjeka  Journalist  Times Group  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Andy Chikwapula  
Malaysia 
Ms. Isnaraissah Munirah Majilis  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Energy, Science, Technology, Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Nagulendran Kangayatkarasu  Deputy Secretary General (Environment and Climate Change)  Ministry of Energy, Science, Technology, Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Tengku Zulpuri Shah Raja Puji  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Water, Land and Natural Resources  
Mr. Ahmad Farid Mohammed  Undersecretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Energy, Science, Technology, Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Zurinah Pawanteh  Secretary General  Ministry of Water, Land and Natural Resources  
Mr. Muhammad Ridzwan Ali  Senior Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Energy, Science, Technology, Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Elizabeth Philip  Head of Climate Change and Forestry Program  Forest Research Institute of Malaysia  
Mr. Maximilian Tariq Conrad  Principal Assistant Secretary  Ministry of Water, Land and Natural Resources  
Ms. Zaireen Omar  Director  Trade and Industry Related Emerging Issues Division  Ministry of International Trade and Industry  
Mr. Nazar Azly Zaberi  Principal Assistant Secretary  International and Strategic Planning Division  Ministry of Primary Industries  
Ms. Edora Ahmad  Head of Unit  Attorney General Chambers Malaysia  
Mr. Tariq Imran Tofil Mohd Tuffile  Federal Attorney  Attorney General Chambers Malaysia  
Ms. Mei Ching Law  Research Officer  Malaysian Palm Oil Board  
Mr. Noor Hisham Ab Ghani  Senior Research Officer  National Hydraulic Research Institute of Malaysia  
Ms. Dayang Nor Izan Abang Halil  Principal Assistant Secretary  Environment and Natural Resources Economic Division  Ministry of Economic Affairs  
Mr. Md Yusup Yusmazy  Principal Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Energy, Science, Technology, Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Gary William Theseira  Special Functions Officer to Minister  Minister Office  Ministry of Energy, Science, Technology, Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Akmal Che Mustafa  Ambassador  Malaysia Embassy in Madrid, Spain  
  
Malaysia (continued) 
Mr. Muhammad Azfar Abdullah  First Secretary  Malaysia Embassy in Madrid, Spain  
Ms. Iliya Yuaini Iram  Assistant Secretary  Ministry of Works Malaysia  
Maldives 
H.E. Mr. Hussein Rasheed Hassan  Minister of Environment 
Mr. Amjad Abdulla  Director-General  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Mariyam Anaa Hassan  Assistant Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mareer Mohamed Husny  Assistant Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Ulfath Ibrahim  Senior Foreign Relations Officer  President’s Office  
Mr. Zammath Khaleel  Assistant Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Adnan Muaz  Second Secretary  Permanent Mission of Maldives to the United Nations  
Ms. Aishath Aileen Niyaz  Assistant Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ali Shareef  Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ahmed Waheed  Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mali 
H.E. Ms. Aida M’Bo eps Keita  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Hussein Alfa Nafo  Ambassador  Présidence de la Republique  Government  
Mr. Moussa Kanta  Chef de Cabinet  Environnement  Etat  
M. Modibo Sacko  Point Focal National UNFCCC  Environnement  Etat  
Mr. Drissa Doumbia  Ing Eaux et forets  MEADD  
Mr. Alpha Macki Tall  Gestionnaire  ANICT  
Mr. Lamine Thera  Ingénieur  Government of Mali  
Ms. Goundo Sissoko ep KOUYATE  Gestionnaire  
Mr. Amara Keita  Coordinateur  Environnement  
Mr. Adama Sissouma  Segal  
Ms. Fanta Traoré eps Tandia  Agrométeo  Météo  Government  
Mr. Sekou N’Faly Sissoko  Mali Méteo  Government  
Mr. Issa Fahiri Kone  
Mr. Nouradin Zakaria Touré  
Ms. Nantenin Koné  Attachée d’administration  MEADD  
Mr. Sory Ibrahim Diagouraga  
Mr. Birama Diarra  Directeur des Application Météorologiques et Climatologiques  
Agence Nationale de la Météorologie  
Ms. Zenebou Aw  Chargée de Mission  Environnement  
Ms. Dembele Haoua eps Diawara  Environnement  
Mr. Sekou Koné  Chef Département  Environnement  
Ms. Maimouna Dramé eps Coulibaly  Député  
Mr. Boubacar Alhousseini  AEDD  
Mr. Amadou Cissé  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Issa Togo  Député  Assemblée  
Mr. Moussa Timbine  Député  
Mr. Lamine DIallo  Chargé de Commmunication  MEADD  
Mr. Oumarou Kodio  Chargé de mission  MEADD  
Ms. Mariama Cissoko  MAECI  
Mr. Mafing Kone  Coordinatrice de projet cc  MEADD  
Ms. Amahani Toure  Communicatrice  
Mr. Sidi Maiga  DGA ANGSEM  Government of Mali  
Ms. Fanta Soumangourou Kanté éps Berthe  Chef département ANGSEM  Government of Mali  
Mr. Madi Matene Keita  Conseiller Technique  
  
Mali (continued) 
Ms. Damba eps Maiga Sina  Ancien Ministre  
Mr. Nancoman Keita  Ancien Ministre  
Mr. Lassina Coulibaly  Economiste  Agence de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
H.E. Mr. Drissa Tangara  Député  
Ms. Aissata Cisse  Ingénieur Sanitaire  Environnement  
Mr. Cisse Modibo  Economiste  Décentralisation  ANICT  
Mr. Salia Togola  Député  
Ms. Faty Sow  Comptable  ANICT  
Mr. Abdoulaye Mahamane  ANICT  
Mr. Oumar Tamboura  Directeur Agriculture  
Mr. Yacouba Deme  ANICT  
Mr. Abdoukaye Koumare  Ambassadeur  Affaires Etrangeres  
Mr. Younoussa Tiramakan Traore  Conseiller Ambassade Espagne  Affaires etrangères  Gouvernement  
Mme Aminata Sidibe  Ex Ministre  Education  
Mr. Yehia Bouya Tandina  dfm  Meadd  Gouvernement  
Malta 
H.E. Ms. Simone Borg  Ambassador for Climate Change  Ministry for Foreign Affairs and 
Trade Promotion  Government of Malta  
H.E. Mr. Giovanni Xuereb  Ambassador Republic of Malta  Ministry for Foreign Affairs and Trade Promotion  
Mr. Manuel Sapiano  CEO  Energy and Water Agency  
Ms. Ruth Debrincat Tabone  Director  Environment and Climate Change Directorate  Ministry for Sustainable Development, the Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Josianne Muscat  Assistant Director  Ambjent Malta  Ministry for Sustainable Development, the Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Francesca D’Amato  First Secretary  Ministry for Foreign Affairs and Trade Promotion  
Ms. Margaret Cassar Severino Goncalves  Director General  Ministry for the Environment, Sustainable Development and Climate Change  Government of Malta  
Mr. Henry Debattista  Administrative Officer  Energy and Water Agency  
Marshall Islands 
Mr. Clarence Samuel  Director  Office of Environment Planning and Policy Coordination  Office of the President  
H.E. Ms. Doreen Debrum  Ambassador and Permanent Representative  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Permanent Mission of the Republic of the Marshall Islands to the United Nations Office at Geneva  
Ms. Kristina E. Stege  Climate Change Envoy  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Thom Woodroofe  Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jahan-Zeb Chowdhury  NDCP Advisor  Ministry of Environment  Office of Environmental Planning and Policy Coordination  
Ms. Maria Ferrer  Climate and Disaster Risk Advisor  OEPPC  Asian Development Bank  
Ms. Mingrone Francesca  Assistant  HAC  
Ms. Angeline Heine-Reimers  Director  National Energy Office  Ministry of Natural Resources and Commerce  
Ms. Wei-Yu Hong  Foreign Service Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Kathy Neien Jetnil Kijiner  Climate Change Envoy  Ministry of Environment  Office of the President  
Ms. Bernadette Kabua  RMI Climate Change Coordinator  
Ms. Kirsten Maddison  Climate Change Coordinator  Ministry of Environment  Office of Environmental Planning and Policy Coordination  
Mr. Matthew McKinnon  Climate Vulnerable Forum Advisor  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Louise A. Postema  Policy Assistant  Global Center on Adaptation  
Mr. Alistair N. Ritchie  Director of Asian Sustainability  Asia Society Policy Institute  
Ms. Yun-Ching Tseng  ICDF Expert  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
  
Marshall Islands (continued) 
Mr. Benjamin Wakefield  Deputy Director  Ministry of Environment  National Energy Office  
Mr. Carlon Zackhras  Youth Representative  OEPPC  
Mauritania 
S.E. Mme Marieme Elizabeth Bekaye  Minister  Ministère de L’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
S.E. M. Boubacar Kane  Ambassadeur  
S.E. M. Djibril Niang  Ministre  
S.E. M. El Moctar Mohamed Yahya  Conseiller PM  Primature  
Mr. Ahmed Saleck Abdel Jelil  AMM  
Mr. Cheikh Ahmed Ahmedou  Mauritania  
Mr. Dah Bah  Association Amerd  
M. Omar Bellal  MPEMi  
Mr. Mohamed Mahmoud El Habib  Conseil régional  
Mr. Taleb Abderrahmane El Mahjoub  AMM  
Mr. Sidi Khalifa  Mauritania  
Mme Sellama Lemrabott  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mme Rouguiatou Ly  MASEF  
Ms. El aliya Menkouss  Maire  
M. Adama Niang  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Abdy Abdy  
Mr. Aily Abeid  ONG  
Mr. Mohamed Aheimedou  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Ahmed baba Ahmed bouda  AMM  
Mr. Lemhaba Ahmed Mahmoud  Conseiller  PNBA  
Mr. Brahim Ahmed mahmoud heiba  AMM  
M. N’diayane Ahmed Telmoud  Protocole  MAEC  
Mr. Sidi Aloueimine  Directeur Medd  
Mr. Hamzette Amar  Directeur  MHA  
Mr. Mohamedhen Babana  Directeur  Ministère Relation avec le Parlement et la SC  
Mr. Moctar Camara  PNBA  
Mr. Dramane Camara  MEDD  
Mr. Mohamed Cheikh Mohamed El Mamy  Directeur  ONM  
Mr. Seyidi Abdel Kader Jeilani Cisse  Conseiller du Ministre  MIDEC  
Mr. Lavdal Dadde  Conseiller  MHA  
Mr. Alassane Dieng  Conseiller  MAEC  
Mr. Echrif El Horr  ONG  
M. Sidi Mohamed El Wavi  Chargé de Mission/Point Focal National de la Convention Cadre sur le Changement Climatique  
Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Alioun Fall  Assistant Coordinateur  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l’environnement et du développement durable  
Ms. Khadeja H’sseine  Mauritania  
Mr. Inalla Jarr  MAEC  
Ms. Aicha Jedana  Mauritania  
M. Oumkelthoum Khaliva  Société Civile  
Mr. Sidi Mohamed Lehlou  Directeur  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l’environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Daf Ould Daf  Directeur Pnd  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Maloum Dine Ould Maouloud  Directeur de la Programmation, de la Coordination et de l’Information Environnementale  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Sabar Sabar  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Mouamar Saleh  MPEM1  
Mr. Djihe Sidi Ely  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Mohamed Soueidatt  SG  MIDEC  
S.E. M. Hamady Tibary  Depute  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Abou Virarago Virarago  ONG AMLCP  
  
Mauritania (continued) 
Mr. Ahmed Weddady  Directeur  MHA  
Mauritius 
H.E. Mr. Kayydass Ramano  Minister of Environment, Solid Waste Management and Climate Change 
Mr. Nazir Soobratty  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Solid Waste Management and Climate Change 
Mr. Jogeeswar Seewoobaduth  Deputy Director  Department of Environment  Ministry of Environment, Solid Waste Management and Climate Change 
Mr. Patrick Karani  National Climate Finance Adviser  Commonwealth Climate Finance Access Hub  
Mexico 
S.E. Sra. Martha Delgado Peralta  Undersecretary for Multilateral Issues and Human Rights Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Julio Cesar Trujillo Segura  Undersecretary of Environmental Promotion and Regulation  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Sr. Rodolfo Godínez Rosales  Head of International Affairs Coordinator Unit  Ministry of Environment  
S.E. Sra. Roberta Lajous Vargas  Embajadora de México en España  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Camila Isabel Zepeda Lizama  Directora General  Global Issues  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sra. María Amparo Martínez Arroyo  
Directora General  Instituto Nacional de Ecología y Cambio Climático  
Ms. Yutsil Guadalupe Sangines Sayavedra  Directora General  Políticas para el Cambio Climático  Secretaría de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
S.E. Sr. Alberto Montoya Martin del Campo  Subsecretario  Planeación y Transición Energética  Secretaría de Energía  
Ms. Taryn Angelica Sanchez Montesinos  Titular  Unidad de Asuntos Internacionales y Fomento Financiero  Comisión Nacional Forestal  
Mr. Cristopher Ballinas Valdes  Director General  Derechos Humanos y Democracia  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Sol Ortiz Garcia  Directora General  Cambio Climático en el Sector Agropecuario  Secretaría de Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural  
Sra. Claudia Alejandra Octaviano Villasana  Coordinadora General de Mitigación al Cambio Climático  Instituto Nacional de Ecología y Cambio Climático  
Sra. Margarita Caso Chávez  Coordinadora General de Adaptación al Cambio Climático  Instituto Nacional de Ecología y Cambio Climático  
Sr. Marco Antonio Heredia Fragoso  Coordinador General de Cambio Climático para la Evaluación de las Políticas de Mitigación y Adaptación  Instituto Nacional de Ecología y Cambio Climático  
Ms. Andrea Hurtado Epstein  Deputy Director General  Sustainable Development  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sra. Iris Adriana Jiménez Castillo  Deputy General Director  International Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Veronica Eva Bunge Vivier  Directora de Diversificación Productiva  Secretaría de Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural  
Mr. Saul Vicente Vazquez  Director  International Issues  Instituto Nacional de los Pueblos Indígenas  
Ms. Andrea Ytuarte Orantes  Directora  Eficiencia Energética  Secretaría de Energía  
Mr. Fernando Lopez Torres  Director of Meteorology  Deputy General Directorate of Oceanography, Hydrography and Meteorology  Marine Secretary  
Mr. Gerardo Javier Guiza Vargas  Consejero  Encargado de Asuntos Económicos-Comerciales y Promoción  Embajada de México en España  
Ms. Nayeli Ceceña Alvarez  Tercera Secretaria  Encargada del Área de Política Exterior y Asuntos Multilaterales  Embajada de México en España  
Ms. Dolores Geraldine Gachuz Martinez  Directora  Asuntos de la Mujer  
  
Mexico (continued) 
Mr. Jorge Eugenio Barrios Ordoñez  Subdirector General de Administración del Agua  Comisión Nacional del Agua  
Sr. Jose Mario Molina Pasquel y Henriquez  Presidente  Centro Mario Molina para Estudios Estratégicos sobre Energía y Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Diego Adrian De Leon Segovia  Director for Climate Change  Sustainable Development Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Micronesia (Federated States of) 
Mr. Jeem S. Lippwe  Deputy Permanent Representative  Department of Foreign Affairs  Permanent Mission of the Federated States of Micronesia to the United Nations, New York  
Mr. Derensio S. Konman  Congressman  FSM Congress  Federal States of Micronesia National Government  
Ms. Cynthia Ehmes  Assistant Secretary  Department of Environment, Climate Change and Emergency Management  Federal States of Micronesia National Government  
Mr. Moses E. Pretrick  Department of Health and Social Affairs  Federal States of Micronesia National Government  
Ms. Ana Maria Kleymeyer  Legal Advisor  Institute for Governance and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Chiara Franco  Climate Change and Resource Economist  TNC Micronesia  The Nature Conservancy  
Mr. Jesse Deneiges Gallun  Director of Communications Global Climate  The Nature Conservancy  
Ms. Kelley Anne Hamrick  Policy Advisor  The Nature Conservancy  
Ms. Lisa Schindler  Policy Advisor  The Nature Conservation  
Ms. Daniela Jaye Schulman  
Mr. Clement Y. Mulalap  Legal Advisor  Department of Justice  Federal States of Micronesia National Government  
Mr. Antonio Jr. Oposa  Legal Adviser  
Ms. Ermenegilda Francesc Boccabella  
Mr. Alik K. Jackson  Legal Advisor  FSM Congress  Federal States of Micronesia National Government  
Monaco 
S.E. M. Serene Highness Prince Albert II  Head of State  
S.E. M. Bernard Fautrier  Ministre Plénipotentiaire, Conseiller Spécial Chargé des Questions d’Environnement  Ministère d’Etat  Gouvernement de la Principauté de Monaco  
Mme Marie-Pierre Gramaglia  Conseiller de Gouvernement-Ministre de l’Equipement, de l’Environnement et de l’Urbanisme  Département de l’Equipement, de l’Environnement et de l’Urbanisme  Gouvernement de la Principauté de Monaco  
M. Jean-Luc Carcenac  Aide de Camp de S.A.S. le Prince Souverain  Palais Princier de Monaco  
S.E. M. Jean Van Klaveren  Ambassador  Département des Relations Extérieures et de la Coopération  Gouvernement de Monaco  
M. Patrick Rolland  Directeur adjoint de l’Environnement  Département de l’Equipement, de l’Environnement et de l’Urbanisme  Gouvernement de Monaco  
M. Jérémie Carles  Chef de Division à la Direction de l’Environnement  Département de l’Equipement, de l’Environnement et de l’Urbanisme  Gouvernement de Monaco  
Mme Chrystel Chanteloube  Secrétaire des Relations Extérieures  Département des Relations Extérieures et de la Coopération  Gouvernement de la Principauté de Monaco  
Mme Jessica Astier  Chef de Section à la Direction de l’Environnement  Département de l’Equipement, de l’Environnement et de l’Urbanisme  Gouvernement de Monaco  
M. Raphaël Marie Joseph Cuvelier  Conseiller  Fondation Prince Albert II de Monaco  
M. Sébastien Ferracci  Officier de sécurité  Palais Princer  
M. Alexandre Berthelo  Officier de Sécurité  Palais Princier  
M. Nicolas Saussier  Chef de Service de Presse  Palais Princier de Monaco  
M. Gaëtano Luci  
Mr. Johan Lagorse  Palais Princier de Monaco  
Mme Christine Sprile  Palais Princier de Monaco  
  
Mongolia  
H.E. Mr. Tserenbat Namsrai  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  Government of Mongolia  
Mr. Batjargal Zamba  Special Envoy on Climate Change  ECF CCPIU  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Ms. Anand Tsog  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change and International Cooperation Department  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Galtbaatar Davaasuren  Advisor on PPP  Administration Department  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Davgadorj Damdin  Director  Climate Change and Development Academy  
Ms. Dolgorsuren Saruul  Researcher  Transparency Division  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Ms. Ganjuur Sarantuya  Director  Information and Research Institute for Meteorology, Hydrology and Environment  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Ms. Dulguun Erdenebold  Officer  Development Financing Department  Ministry of Finance  
Montenegro 
H.E. Mr. Duško Markovic  Prime Minister  Government of Montenegro  
Mr. Dragoljub Bulatovic  Chief of the Cabinet of the Prime Minister of Montenegro  Government of Montenegro  
Ms. Aleksandra Djakovic  Second Secretary in the Embassy of Montenegro to the Kingdom of Spain  Embassy of Montenegro to the Kingdom of Spain  
H.E. Mr. Aleksandar Erakovic  Ambassador of Montenegro to the Kingdom of Spain  Embassy of Montenegro to the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Ešef Husic  General Director  Directorate for Climate Change and Mediterranean Affairs  Ministry of Sustainable Development and Tourism  
Mr. Dejan Ivezic  Head of Security of the Prime Minister of Montenegro  Government of Montenegro  
Mr. Vanja Kneževic  Security officer of the Prime Minister of Montenegro  Government of Montenegro  
Mr. Srdan Kusovac  Adviser to the Prime Minister of Montenegro  Government of Montenegro  
Mr. Saša Matic  Photographer at the Public Relations Service of the Government of Montenegro  Government of Montenegro  
Mr. Dejan Mijovic  Party  Government of Montenegro  
Ms. Milica Mudreša  Adviser  Division for Climate Change  Ministry of Sustainable Development and Tourism  
Ms. Vanja Radoncic  Technical secretary in the Embassy of Montenegro to the Kingdom of Spain  Embassy of Montenegro to the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Dragana Radulovic  Adviser to the Prime Minister for Foreign and Security Policy  Government of Montenegro  
Ms. Milena Tomaševic  Member of the State Delegation  Government of Montenegro  
Mr. Carlos Manuel Velverde  Assistant at the Embassy of Montenegro to the Kingdom of Spain  Embassy of Montenegro to the Kingdom of Spain  
Morocco 
H.E. Mr. Saadeddine Othmani  Prime Minister  
H.E. Ms. Nouzha Bouchareb  Minister of Energy, Mining and Environment 
H.E. Ms. Nezha El Ouafi  Minister  MAFCAMRE  
H.E. Mr. Aziz Rabbah  Minister  Ministère de l’Energie, des Mines, de l’Eau et de l’Environnement  
M. Imad Absaoui  Ambassade  MAECAMRE  
Mr. Hassan Agouzoul  Senior expert climate change  Conseil économique, social et environnemental  
Mr. Mohamed Ait Attou  Directeur régional  Departement De l’Environnement  Direction Régionale de l’Environnement de la région Guelmim Oued Noun  
Mr. Mohammed Ait Bouljaoui  Ministère de l’Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Omar Ait Salah  Primature  
Mme Sultana Ajem  
  
Morocco (continued) 
Mr. Ibrahim Khalil Alaoui  Conseiller  Ambassade Madrid  MAECAMRE  
Mr. Ahmed Baba Amer Hadad  CH2  Parlement  
Mme Meryem Andaloussi  Chef de Service de l’Environnement  Agence Pour le Développement Agricole  
Mr. Farid Aoulouhaj  Ambassade Madrid  MAECAMRE  
Mr. Harrak Arafa  Département de l’Environnement  
M. Adil Bahi  Ministère du Transport  
Mme Safaa Bahije  Chef de division  Département de l’Eau  
M. Mustapha Bakkoury  PDG  Masen  
Mr. Riad Balaghi  Fondation Initiative AAA  
Mr. Ahmed Baroudi  Directeur Général  Société d’Investissements Energétiques  
Mr. Younes Benaaki  SG  CESE Maroc  
Mr. Mustapha Bendehbi  Chef du Service Centre de Compétence sur le Changement Climatique  Secrétariat d’Etat Chargée du Développement Durable  
Mr. Mohammed Abdouh Benrahmoune Idrissi  Directeur  Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Mr. Mohamed Benyahia  Secrétaire Général  Ministère de l’Environnement  
H.E. Ms. Karima Benyaich  Ambassadeur de Sa Majesté le Roi  MAECAMRE  
Mme Marjana Ines Bouazza  Ambassade  MAECAMRE  
Mr. Mountacer Boubekri  Primature  
Mr. Abdelrhani Boucham  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mme Ouafae Bouchouata  Chef du Service Information et Sensibilisation  Développement de l’Environnement  
Mr. Mohamed Boudra  President de l’AMPCC, President De La Commune D’alhoceima  AMPCC  
Mme Hayat Bouffarrachen  Parliamentary  Moroccan Parliament  
Mr. Mohamed Boussaid  4C  GIZ  
Mme Soukaina Boutaleb  Servicios Integrales De Edificios  
Mr. Ahmed Bouzid  Responsable Efficacité Energétique  SIE  
Ms. Rajae Chafil  4C Morocco Director  Center for Climate Change Competence 4C Morocco  
M. Omar Chafki  Directeur  DMN  
Mr. Ahmed Reda Chami  Président  CESE Maroc  
Mr. Nabil Cheikhi  Parlementaire  Chambre des Conseillers  
Mr. Ayman Bel Hassan Cherkaoui  Conseiller  Fondation Mohammed VI pour la Protection de l’Environnement  
Mme Loubna Chraibi  Masen  
Mr. Mohammed Doubi Kadmiri  Primature  
M. Aymane Eddahmani  Yale University  
Mr. Ali El Amine Fechtali  Chef de la Division Marketing  Office National de l’Electricité et de l’Eau Potable – Branche Electricité  
Mme Nadia El Atari  Administrateur- Direction des Changements Climatiques, de la Diversité Biologique et de l’Economie Verte  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mme Nisrine El Azher  Chef de Service  Ministère de l’Urbanisme et de l’Aménagement du Territoire  Chef de Service  
M. Badr El Fadili  Ingénieur  Ministère du Commerce et de l’Industrie  
Ms. Jamila El Harizi  Chef de Service  Ministère de l’habitat  
Mme Meriem El Hilali  MP NY  MAECAMRE  
Mme Lalla Asma El Kasmi  Directeur de la Coopération et de la Communication  Office national d’électricité et de l’eau potable  
M. Abdelilah El Mhajri  Parlementaire  Parlement CH2  
Ms. Majida EL Ouardirhi  General Secretary  Ministère de l’habitat  
Ms. Aglaja Espelage  Perspectives  
Mr. Ilyas Essabai  Ministère Habitat  
Mr. Rachid Firadi  Directeur  Ministère de l’Environnement  
  
Morocco (continued) 
Mr. Bilal Gouzoula  Ambassade  MAECAMRE  
Mr. Ali Guedira  
Ms. Badiaa Gueroui  Directrice de la Communication, de la Coopération et des Systèmes d’Informations  Ministère de l’Urbanisme et de l’Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Mohamed Hafnaoui  Directeur Général Délégué  CDG Développement  
M. Mourad Hajjaji  Agence Marocaine de l’Efficacité Energétique - Moroccan Agency for Energy Efficiency  
Mr. Ali Hajji  MAEC  Ambassade Madrid  
M. Tarik Hamane  Masen  
Mr. Ayoub Hirt  IRESEN  
M. Badr Ikken  IRESEN  
M. Hamid Jaafari  Chef de Division  ONEE  
Mr. Abderrahim Jamrani  Technical Director  MASEN  
Mr. El Hassan Jelti  Chargé de Mission  Ministère de l’Equipement, du Transport, de la Logistique et de l’Eau  
Mr. Abdelali Kaoukabi  Chef de division  Ministère Délégué chargé de l’Environnement  Direction du Partenariat, de la Communication et de la Coopération  
Mr. Ben Amara Karim  Cadre au service homologation au Centre National d’Essais et d’Homologation  Ministère de l’Equipement, du Transport, de la Logistique et de 
l’Eau - Direction du Transport Routier et de la Sécurité Routière – - Centre National d’Essais et d’Homologation -  
Mr. Hamid Khalifi  Ministère du Commerce et de l’Industrie  
Ms. Soraya Khalil  Directrice  Ministère de l’habitat  
M. Abdelmoula Lefhaili  HCEFLCD  
Mr. Saad Loudiyi Cherrat  Primature  
Mr. Axel Michaelowa  Perspectives  
Mme Amal Misra  Parlementaire  Parlement CH2  
Mr. Lachehab Mohamed  
Mme Imane Moubachir  Responsable des Secteurs Biomasse et Hydraulique  Société d’Investissements Energétiques  
M. Said Mouline  Directeur Général  Agence Marocaine de l’Efficacité Energétique - Moroccan Agency for Energy Efficiency  
Mr. Mohamed Nbou  Conseiller Spécial Climat  CGLU Afrique  
Mr. Abdelilah Nejjari  Ministre Plénipotentiaire  Ambassade Madrid  MAECAMRE  
Mr. Said Nmili  Parlement CH1  
M. Mohamed Ouhmed  Chef de Division  SG/DCAJ  MEMEE  
Ms. Naima Oumoussa  Département de l’Environnement  
M. Samir Rachidi  IRESEN  
Mr. Abderrahim Radi  Ambassade Madrid  MAECAMRE  
Mr. Bouzekri Razi  Director for Climate Change, Biodiversity and Green Economy  Secrétariat d’Etat Chargée du Développement Durable  
Mme Nassira Rheyati  Ministère de l’Environnement  
M. Hamid Rhiouani  Chef de Cabinet  MAFCAMRE  
Mr. Mohammed Khalid Riffi Temsamani  SEDD  Université Abdelmalek Essaadi  
M. Ali Sabrat  Directeur Régionale de l’Environnement  SEDD  
Mr. Nabil Sabri  Député parlementaire  Commission des Infrastructures de l’Energie des Mines et de l’Environnement  Parlement CH1  
Mr. Abdelfetah Sahibi  Coordinnateur du Projet QCN-CC  SEDD  PNUD  
Mme Najat Saidou  Chef de Service Etudes Environnement  Office Nationale d’Électricité et de l’Eau Potable  
Mr. Said Satraouy  Head of Division  Moroccan Parliament  
M. Mohamed Sefiani  Président  Commune Urbaine Chefchaouen  
Mme Mouna Sekkat  Ministere de l’Environnement  
Mme Aicha Siad  Assistante  Pôle Side Events  Comité COP22  
Mr. Rachid Tahiri  Head of Climate Change and Green Economy Division  Secrétariat d’Etat Chargée du Développement Durable  
  
Morocco (continued) 
Mr. Abderrahman Talhaoui  Ambassade  MAECAMRE  
Mr. El Hassan Talib  Chef de Division  Ministère de l’Equipement et des Transports  
Mr. Mohamed Amine Tekaia  MAECAMRE  
M. Ahmed Touizi  Parlement CH2  
Mme Zahira Zaki  Chef de Service de la Commission de l’Agriculture et des Secteurs Productiff  Parlement CH2  
Mr. M’hamed Zakrani  Parliamentary  Moroccan Parliament  
M. Zouhair Zemzami  Président  Conseil Préfectoral ST  
Mr. Mohamed Ali Zerouali  Director, International Cooperation  MASEN  
Mme Nadia Zine  Conseillère  Département de l’Environnement  
Mr. Abdeslam Ziyad  Directeur  Direction de la Recherche et de la Planification de l’Eau  
Mr. Fouad Zyadi  Directeur  Département de l’Environnement  Direction du Contrôle des Evaluation Environnementales et des Affaires Juridiques  
Mozambique 
Sra. Ivete Joaquim Maibaze  National Director  National Directorate of Environment  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Mr. Agostinho Fernando  Head of Department  Climate Change Department  
Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Sr. Albano Manjate  Deputy Nacional Director  Nacional Directorate for Monitoring and Evaluation  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sra. Sarah Chrispen Matches  Tecnica  Directorate for Prevention and Mitigation  National Institute for Disaster Management  
Ms. Sónia Jacques Gherson Da Silveira  Advidor of the GCF National Focal Point  National Directorate for Monitoring and Evaluation  Ministério da Económia e Finanças  
Sra. Ana Cleta Chiangua  Member of DNA for GCF  National Directorate of Minitoring and Evaluation  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sr. Antonio Bento Sive  Tecnico  National Directorate of Planning and Cooperation  Ministry of Mineral Resource and Energy  
H.E. Mr. José António Alberto Matsinha  Ambassador  Mozambique Embassy in Spain  Embassy of Mozambique to Spain  
Ms. Rosa Cesaltina Benedito  Technician  Planning and Cooperation Directorate  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Mr. Fernando Tavares Caniua  Technician  National Environment Directorate  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Sr. Artur Francisco Chilaule  Technician  Administracao Nacional de Estradas  Ministry of Public Works and Water Resources  
Sr. Maquias Dos Santos Cornelio Migue Chiutano  Head of Provincial Services  Manica Provincial Services of Forest and Wildelife  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Ms. Lara Cristina Muaves De Brito E Abreu  Senior Marine Officer  WWF - Mozambique  
Sr. Imede Chafim Falume  National Deputy Director  National Directorate of Forest  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Mr. Mario Luis Gonzaga  Technician and Gender Focal Point at the Ministry  National Directorate of Planning and Budgeting  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sra. Sara Joana Guimarães Guibunda  Tecnica  Directorate of Planing and International Cooperation  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Sra. Alima Issufo Taquidir  Head of Department  Direccao Nacional de Florestas  Ministério da Terra, Ámbiente e Desenvolvimento Rural  
Mr. Fernando Muando Nhambirre Juliao  Advisor  Mozambique Embassy in Spain  
Ms. Tania Marisa Elias Libanze Chauque  Member  KUWUKA IDA - Juventude, Desenvolvimento e Advocacia Ambiental  
Sr. Joaquim Armando Macuacua  Head of Division of Mapping and Data Management  Direção Nacional de Florestas  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
  
Mozambique (continued) 
Sra. Maria Cidalia Arlindo Baulane Mahumane  National Director  National Administration of Conservation Areas  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Ms. Marilia Telma Antonio Manjate  UNFCCC National Climate Change Focal Point  National Directorate of Environment  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Sra. Cristina Matusse  Deputy National Director  National Directorate of Planning and Budgeting  Ministério da Económia e Finanças  
Sr. Nemane Momede Abdurramane  Chairman of the Board of Directors  National Sustainable Developmen Fund  Ministério da Terra, Ámbiente e Desenvolvimento Rural  
Mr. Francisco Raul Nostado  National Director  Observation and Network Directorate  National Institute of Meteorology  
Ms. Marcia Alice Andre Nrepo Matsinhe  Technician  Fisheries Research Institute  Ministry of Sea, Inland Waters and Fisheries  
Ms. Rosalia Marta Pedro  Chefe de Repartição de Género  Direccao Nacional do Ambiente  Ministério da Terra, Ámbiente e Desenvolvimento Rural  
Sr. Amilcar Frederico Pereira  Advisor of the Minister  Minister Cabinet  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Sr. Luis Tomas Sande  Head of Provincial Services  Nampula Provincial Services of Forest and Wildelife  
Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Mr. Claudio Andre Lemos De Santana Afonso Borges  Financial Director  National Fund for Suntainable Development  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Sr. Zinérsio Ruben Sitoe  Project Mananger  Kulima  
Mr. Salvo Cossine Feliciano Tchamo  Technician  Directorate of Planning and Cooperation  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Mr. Gen Totani  Forest Advisor  National Directorate of Forest  Ministry of Land, Environment and Rural Development  
Mr. Miguel Raul Tungadza  Head of Department  International Policies  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Sr. Delfim Julio Vilissa  Director  Directorate of Planning and International Cooperation  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Sra. Amelia Odete Simao Zandamela  Segunda Secretaria  Directorate of International Organization and Conference  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Mr. Anselmo Jaime Zimba  Advisor for Decentralized Planning and Finance  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Myanmar 
H.E. Mr. Ohn Winn  Union Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Ms. Yu Ya Aye  Staff Officer  Forest Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Ms. Tracy Lynn Bach  Visiting Professor, Advisor, Co-Focal Point  Washington University in St. Louis  
Ms. Archer Harrison Christian  Advisor  Washington University  
Mr. Hein Htet  Deputy Director General  Department of Electric Power  Ministry of Electricity and Energy  
Ms. Inkyin Khaine  Staff Officer  Forest Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Mr. Nyi Nyi Kyaw  Director General  Forest Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Mr. Kyaw Myo Linn  Assistant Director  Environmental Conservation Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Ms. Su Su Lwin  Staff Officer  Environmental Conservation Department  Ministry of Environmental Conservation and Forestry  
Mr. Ugan Manandhar  Climate and Energy Advisor  World Wide Fund for Nature Myanmar  
Ms. Thu Zar Myint  Director  Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Irrigation  
  
Myanmar (continued) 
Ms. Tha Zin Myint  Staff Officer  Environmental Conservation Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Mr. Kyaw San Naing  Director  Environmental Conservation Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Mr. Kyaw Moe Oo  Director General  Department of Meteorology and Hydrology  Ministry of Transport and Communication  
Mr. Thaung Naing Oo  Director  Forest Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Mr. Aung Phyoe Minn  Assistant Director  Directorate of Industrial Collaboration  Ministry of Industry  
Mr. Hla Maung Thein  Director General For Environmental Conservation Department  Environmental Conservation Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Ms. Phyu Phyu Win  Director  Department of Disaster Management  Ministry of Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement  
Mr. San Win  Deputy Director  Environmental Conservation Department  Ministry of Environmental Conservation and Forestry  
Mr. Nanda Win Aung  Assistant Director  Union Minister’s Office  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Namibia 
H.E. Mr. Penomwenyo Pohamba Shifeta  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Petrus Muteyauli  Deputy Director  Department of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Teofilus Mutangeni Nghitila  
Mr. Karl Mutani Aribeb  Director of Operations  Environmental Investment Fund  
Mr. Paulus Ashili  Senior Conservation Scientist  Department of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Ms. Mutale Bianca Musonda Chisela  
Mr. Bryn Canniffe  Department of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Reagan Sibanga Chunga  Project Coordinator  Department of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Ms. Laurencia Himumuine  Personal Assistant to the Permanent Secretary  Directorate of Administration, Finance and Human Resources Managemnet  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Edison Nghishikushitya Tangeniomwene Hiwanaame  Nampower  
Ms. Aina Maria Iteta  Environmental Investment Fund  
Mr. More-Blessings Bendict Libanda  
Ms. Greater Mukumbira  
Ms. Mwalungama Amalia Nangolo  
Ms. Liina Nuusiku Nantinda  Coordinator  Namibian Environmental Education Network  
Ms. Jane Mukarugwiza Olwoch  
Mr. Alfeus Vatilifa Shekunyenge  Minnistry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Deon Mandume Shekuza  Youth Activist  
Mr. Sion Ndemuuda Shifa  
Ms. Tuwilika Victoria Shifidi  Ministry of Agriculture, Water and Forestry  
Ms. Meriam Tjaimi  
Mr. Theofelus Uvanga  Development Bank of Namibia  
Ms. Sarah Elizabeth Yates  
Nauru 
H.E. Mr. Lionel Rouwen Aingimea  President  
H.E. Mr. Rennier Stanislaus Gadabu  Minister  Climate Change  Government of Nauru  
H.E. Ms. Chitra Jeremiah  Ambassador  
H.E. Ms. Marlene Moses  Permanent Representative  Permanent Mission of the Republic of Nauru to the United Nations, New York  
Mr. Kane Amandus  First Secretary  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Santee Garabwan  Aide-de-Camp  
  
Nauru (continued) 
Mr. Roy Harris  Secretary for NES  National Emergency Service  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Mark Jariabka  Advisor  
Ms. Berilyn Jeremiah  Permanent Secretary  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Yu-Cheng Lai  
Mr. Kuang-Chung Liang  
Mr. Reagan Conrad Moses  Director for Climate Change  Commerce Industry and Environment  
Mr. Sasikumar Paravanoor  Secretary to Cabinet  Republic of Nauru  
Ms. Jennifer Park  Consultant  Climate Change Unit  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Karmjit Sangha  Advisor  
Mr. Bryan Te-Tangko Star  Director of Environment  Department of Commerce Industry and Environment  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Brinson Thoma  Personal Assistant  
Nepal 
H.E. Mr. Shakti Bahadur Basnet  Minister  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Mahweshwar Dhakal  Joint Secretary  Chief, Climate Change Management Division  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Krishna Prasad Oli  National Planning Commission  
Mr. Ram Prasad Awasthi  Metrologist  Climate Change Management Division  
Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Arun Prakash Bhatta  Under Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Ms. Shreejana Bhusal  Section Officer  Climate Change Management Division  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Rabin Kumar Gyalang  Assistant Soil Conservation Officer  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Kumar Raj Kharel  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kailash Raj Pokharel  Under Secretary  Foreign Aid Coordination Division  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Buddi Sagar Poudel  Joint Secretary  REDD Implementation Center  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Harihar Kant Poudel  Section Officer  Embassy of Nepal to Spain  
Mr. Dawa Futi Sherpa  Ambassador  Embassy of Nepal to Spain  
Ms. Srijana Shrestha  Under Secretary  CCMD  MoFE  
Netherlands 
H.E. Mr. Mark Rutte  Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Eric Wiebes  Minister of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy 
H.E. Ms. Sigrid Kaag  Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation  
H.E. Ms. Cornelia van Nieuwenhuizen  Minister of Infrastructure and Water Management  
Mr. Bastiaan Hassing  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Marcel Beukeboom  Special Climate Envoy  
H.E. Ms. Susanne Camelia - Römer  Minister of Health, Environment and Nature of Curaçao  
Ms. Eva Simone Schreuder  Ministry of foreign affairs  
Ms. Agnes Mulder  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Matthijs Sienot  Member of Parliament  
Mr. William Moorlag  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Thomas van der Lee  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Roald Lapperre  Director General for the Environment and International Affairs  
Ms. Kitty van der Heijden  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Jan Versteeg  Ambassador of the Kingdom of the Netherlands to Spain  
Mr. Niels Redeker  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Petrus Johannes Wilhelmus de Wildt  Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management  
Ms. Kim Solberg  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Rob van Dorland  Royal Netherlands Meteorological Office  
Ms. Lenneke IJzendoorn  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
  
Netherlands (continued) 
Ms. Laurien Eblé  Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Marcel Van Nijnatten  Ministry of Agriculture, Nature and Food Quality  
Ms. Alana Thelissen  Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management  
Ms. Vera Olgers  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Thomas Vergna  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Hendrik Hubert Joseph Vreuls  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Ms. Alya de Bie  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Ms. Sanne Kruid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Eefke van de Wouw  Dutch UN Youth Representative on Sustainable Development  
Ms. Aoife Fleming  
Mr. Benardus Maria Eduard Geurts  Senior Advisor Climate Change  
Mr. Martijn Lucassen  
Mr. Maarten Michon Bello  
Ms. Simone Pasmans  Foreign Protocol Advisor  
Mr. Anne Poorta  
Mr. Paul van der Zanden  
Ms. Elisabeth van Overveld  
Mr. Henricus Vrijsen  
New Zealand 
H.E. Mr. James Shaw  Minister  Climate Change  Government of New Zealand  
H.E. Mr. Kelihiano Kalolo  Tokelau Minister for Climate 
Change  New Zealand Delegation  Tokelau Government  
Ms. Kay Harrison  Climate Change Ambassador  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Helen Plume  Principal Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry for the Environment  
Ms. Jessica Anderson  Policy Analyst  International Environment  Ministry for Primary Industries  
Ms. Alysha Bagasra  Policy Officer  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Tania Chin  Senior Legal Advisor  Legal Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Todd Croad  Senior Policy Analyst  International Carbon Markets  Ministry for the Environment  
Ms. Paula Faiva  Climate Change Programme Manager  Government of Tokelau  
Ms. Nicolasa Fuller  Policy Officer  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Lindy Fursman  Chief Adviser Climate Change  Ministry for the Environment  
Ms. Christina Hood  Special Adviser on Article 6  New Zealand Government  
Ms. Louise Hunt  Manager  International Environment Policy and Trade  Ministry of Primary Industries  
Mr. Penehuro Lefale  Climate Change Adviser  Government of Tokelau  
Mr. Ivan Luketina  Principal Advisor  Domestic Climate Change Policy  Ministry for Primary Industries  
Mr. Hayden Montgomery  Special Representative  Ministry for Primary Industries  Global Research Alliance on Agricultural Greenhouse Gases  
Ms. Katie Roche  Policy Officer  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade - NZ  
Mr. Nathan Ross  Policy Officer  Development Manager, Climate Change and Environment  New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Jonathan Rowe  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  New Zealand Government  
Ms. Laurette Siemonek  Private Secretary  Office of the Minister of Climate Change  New Zealand Parliament  
Nicaragua 
H.E. Mr. Paul Hebert Oquist  Minister, Private Secretary for National Policies  Presidency of the Republic of Nicaragua  
S.E. Sr. Carlos Antonio Mindence  Embajador  Embajada de Nicaragua en España  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores - Nicaragua  
Mr. Ivan Adolfo Acosta Montalvàn  Minister  Dirección Superior  Ministerio de Hacienda y Crédito Público  
  
Nicaragua (continued) 
Sr. Javier Gutiérrez Ramírez  Viceministro  Dirección Superior  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Mr. Ramón Uriel Pérez Acuña  Director General de Crédito Público  Ministerio de Hacienda y Crédito Público  
Sra. Luz Elena Sequeira  Economista  Dirección General Políticas Fiscales  Ministerio de Hacienda y Crédito Público  
Sr. Javier Eduardo Munguia González  Agregado Diplomático  Embajada de Nicaragua en España  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores - Nicaragua  
Mr. Francisco José Mayorga Balladares  Asesor para la Delegación  Dirección Superior  Ministerio de Hacienda y Crédito Público  
Mr. Róger Eduardo Vega Rdríguez  Director General  Dirección General de Inversión Pública  Ministerio de Hacienda y Crédito Público  
Niger 
H.E. Mr. Garba Almoustapha  Minister of Environment, Urban Sanitation and Sustainable Development 
Mr. Kamaye Maazou  Executive Secretary  Prime Minister’s Office  Conseil National de l’Environnement pour un Développement Durable  
Mr. Issifi Boureima  Conseiller Technique  Cellule Eau, Environnement et Assainissement  Cabinet du Président de la République  
Mr. Gousmane Moussa  Conseiller en Changements Climatiques  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
Mr. Makadassou Alassane  Secrétaire Général Adjoint  Secrétariat Général  Ministère en charge de l’Environnement  
M. Ali Bety  Haut Commissaire  Présidence de la République  
M. Mahamane Salissou Djariri  Directeur de Cabinet  Cabinet  Ministère de l’Environnement  
M. Mamouda Maman Mourtala  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
H.E. Mr. Maman Rabiou Maina  Député  Rural et Environnement  Assemblée Nationale  
H.E. Mr. Hassane Soumana  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
H.E. Ms. Aminatou Habibou  Députée Nationale  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Saadou Bakoye  Secrétaire Général  Ministère du Plan  
Mr. Katiellou Gaptia Lawan  Directeur  Météorologie nationale  Ministère des Transports  
Mr. Sani Mahazou  Général de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Direction Générale  Ministère du Développement Durable, de l’Environnement, de la Salubrité Urbaine  
M. Aboubacar Souley  Conseiller Technique  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Chaibou DanBakoye  Expert Suivi évaluation du PPCR  Plan et Economie  Ministère du Plan, de l’ Aménagement du Territoire et du Développement Conservataire  
Mme Ramata Abba Kiari Ep Harouna  Directrice  DGNEDD  Ministère de l’environnement de la salubrité urbaine et du développement durable  
Mr. Abdoulaye Maïzama  Directeur  Centre National de Suivi Ecologique et Environnemental  Ministère en charge de l’Environnement  
Ms. Hamsatou Issa  Advisor  Communication  Conseil National de l’Environnement pour un Développement Durable  
Mr. Issa Idi  Conseiller/Advisor  Changements Climatiques  Secrtariat Exécutif du CNEDD  
M. Hassane Djibrilla Cissé  Directeur  BNEE  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Abdou Guéro  Conseiller Technique  Athorité du Bassin du Niger  
M. Djibo Elhadji Seybou  Chef de Division  HCI3N  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Aicha Mahamadou  Conseillère Technique  Cellule Eau Environnement et Assainissement  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Loualy Mahamadou  Conseiller Technique  Secrétariat Exécutif  Conseil National de l’Environnement pour un Développement Durable  
  
Niger (continued) 
Mr. Issa Garba Tahirou  Coordinateur  Plateforme sur les Changements Climatiques  Réseau de la Jeunesse Nigérienne sur le Changements Climatiques  
M. Yacouba Seybou  Ingénieur des Eaux et Forêts  DGEF  Ministère de l’Environnement  
M. Ibro Adamou  Directeur Général Adjoint  Environnement  Ministère en charge de l’Environnement  
Mr. Hamadou Noufou  Directeur  Finances  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Sani Ayouba Abdou  Directeur Exécutif  JVE-Niger  
Ms. Zeinabou Ibrahim Hassane  Directrice  DGEF  Minsitère en chanrge de l’Environnement  
Mr. Kader Mohamed  Ingénieur des Eaux et Forêts  Direction Générale des Eaux et Forêts  Ministère en charge de l’Environnement  
M. Larwanou Mahamane  Expert  Projet PARC, DAD  Ministère de l’environnement de la salubrité urbaine et du développement durable  
Mr. Saidou Baraze Abdoul Razak  Agent  Bagri Niger  
Mr. Traoré Abdou Ramani  Expert Suivi and Evaluation  Autorité du Bassin du Niger  
Mr. Abdoulaye Kaya  Agent  Autorité du Bassin du Niger  
M. Bireme Hamid Abderahim  Directeur  African Biodiversity Network  
Mr. Ahmadou Gambo  Membre  CNCOD  
Ms. Nadia Labhilil  Membre  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Ms. Fati Oumarou  Membre  JVE-Niger  
Ms. Haoua Issoufou  Membre  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Ms. Aïcha Fatime Kamagaté  Assistante  Global Garden Organization  
Ms. Zeinabou Chaibou  Agronome  Direction Générale de l’Agriculture  Ministère de l’agriculture et de l’elevage  
Mr. Stéphane Jacques Henri Pouffary  Fondateur Président d’Honneur  Energies 2050  
Ms. Djeneba Coulibaly  Coordonnatrice Developpement Durable  Comité National de Coordination sur la Désertification  
M. Saidou Abdou Hamidou  Membre  DEMI E Niger  
Mr. Abdoul Karim Saley Moussa  Membre  Danish International Development Agency  
M. Hadiza Garba Anaroua  Cadre Supérieur  Elevage  Ministère de l’Agriculture  
Mr. Oumarou Ousmane  Directeur  Direction Générale du Plan  Ministère du Plan  
Nigeria 
Mr. Muhammad Mahmood Abubakar  
Minister  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi  Minister  Federal Ministry of Transport  
Ms. Sharon Olive Ikeazor  Minister  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Emmanuel Osagie Ehanire  Minister  Federal Ministry of Health  
Mr. Yerima Peter Tarfa  Director, UNFCCC Focal Point  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Halima Bawa-Bwari  Deputy Director  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Bello Yankuzo Sani  Principal Scientific Officer  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Saadatu Gambo Madaki  Senior Scientific Officer  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Asmau Jibril  Assistant Chief Scientific Officer  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Simon Bagudu Joshua  Director  Environmental Quality Control  NESREA  
Mr. Aliyu Jauro  Director General  NESREA  
Mr. Sanusi Abubakar  Office of the Honourable Minister of Environment  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Hussaini Danladi  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Abdulaziz Abdullahi  Permanent Secretary  Federal Ministry of Health  
Ms. Evelyn Nkadi Ngige  Director  Public Health  Federal Ministry of Health  
  
Nigeria (continued) 
Ms. Umo Mildred Ene-Obong  Director  Climate Change and Environmental Health  Federal Ministry of Health  
Mr. Lugard Bijimi Slaku  Deputy Director  Disaster Risk Reduction  National Emergency Management Agency  
Mr. Akingbade Oladapo Akinniran  Assistant Chief Planning Officer  National Emergency Management Agency  
Mr. Ishaku Huzi Mshelia  Legal Expert  
Ms. Chioma Felistas Amudi  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ayodeji Oladayo Falemu  Senior Scientific Officer  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Andrew Pindar  Senior Scientific Officer  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Anthonia Akpabio Ekpa  Director  Road Transport and Mass Transit Administration  Federal Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Moses Modey Ama  National Coordinator  REDD+ Program  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Cyril Abang Bikom  Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Ibrahim Mohammed  Director  Agriculture Land and Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Emmanuel Olukayode Oladipo  Technical Advisor  
Mr. Abubakar Sani Sambo  
Mr. Ndubuisi Chukwugozie Onyema  
Marine Environment Management  Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency  
Mr. Nelson Okorokwu Orji  Legal Unit  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Rukayya Mohammad  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Felicia Chinwe Mogo  Head, Marine Environment Management Department  Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency  
Mr. David Adejo Andrew  Director  Federal Forestry Department  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mailadi Yusuf Abba Misau  Director  Applied Meteorogical Services  Nigerian Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Ifeanyichukwu Clinton Ezekwe  Director  Weather Forecasting Services  Nigerian Meteorological Agency  
Ms. Nyazi Henrietta Alhassan  Deputy Director  NEWMAP  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Salisu Mohammed Dahiru  National Coordinator  NEWMAP  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Musa Yauri Aliyu  Deputy Director  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Adesola Aribike Olatunde  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Isiaka Tolani Ishola  Principal Scientific Officer  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Buhari Inuwa Adamu  Second Secretary  SUND  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Saidu Mohammed Dodo  Director  SUND  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Oluremi Olutayo Oliyide  Director  International Organization  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Susan Aderonke Folarin  Nigeria Embassy in Spain  
Mr. Amos Mallam Shamaki  Nigeria Embassy in Spain  
Mr. Adeshola Adepoju  Director General  Forest Research Institute of Nigeria  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Marvin Barinemnwin Dekil  HYPREP  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ibrahim Garba Husaini  Commissioner  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources, Kaduna State  
Mr. Saghir Aliyu El-Mohammed  Director  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ahmad Muhammad  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Ann Ogechi Umar  Principal Planning Officer  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Peter Chidebe Ekweozoh  Director  Federal Ministry of Science and Technology  
Mr. Bem Samuel Ayangeaor  Federal Ministry of Power  
Niue 
H.E. Mr. Dalton E.M. Tagelagi  Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources  Niue Government  
Ms. Charlotte Naumi Pihigia  Environment Climate Change Officer  Ministry of Natural Resources  Niue Government  
  
Niue (continued) 
Ms. Delaine Tagaloa Louise Cooper  Director  Climate Change Resilience  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Peleligi Salatielu  Project Development Coordinator  Project Management Coordination Unit  Office of the Secretary to Government  
Ms. Clemencia Talotose Matahefonua Sioneholo  Senior Meteorology Officer  Niue Meteorological Service  Ministry of Natural Resources  
Mr. Haden Tupou Talagi  Director  Department of Environment  Government of Niue  
North Macedonia 
Mr. Naser Nuredini  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Physical Planning  
H.E. Mr. Oliver Krliu  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of North Macedonia to the Kingdom of Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sandra Andovska  Advisor  Cabinet of Deputy President of the Government in charge for economic affairs  Government of the Republic of North Macedonia  
Ms. Frosina Antonovska  Junior Associate  Department on European Integration  Ministry of Environment and Physical Planning  
Ms. Marija Fidanova  Second Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of North Macedonia to the Kingdom of Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Daniel Josifovski  Advisor of Economic Affairs and Coordination of Economic Departments  Cabinet of the Deputy President of the Government of the Republic of North Macedonia,  Government of the Republic of North Macedonia  
Ms. Teodora Obradovikj Grncharovska  State Counselor on Climate Change, UNFCCC National Focal Point  Ministry of Environment and Physical Planning  
Norway 
H.E. Ms. Erna Solberg  Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Ola Elvestuen  Minister  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Henrik Hallgrim Eriksen  Chief Negotiator  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Vidar Helgesen  Special Delegate for the International Ocean Panel  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Georg Børsting  Policy Director  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Marianne Karlsen  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Sveinung Rotevatn  State Secretary  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Stian Rein Andresen  Senior Advisor  Norwegian Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Lars Røyne Bakke  Bodyguard for the Prime Minister of Norway  Norwegian Police Security Service  
Mr. Oeyvind Christophersen  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Environment Agency  
Mr. Peder Weidemann Egseth  Political Adviser  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Leif John Fosse  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Kristina Fröberg  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Forum for Environment and Development  
Ms. Alice Gaustad  Chief Engineer  Norwegian Environment Agency  
Mr. Jon Petter Gintal  Head of Section  Sami Parliament of Norway  
Mr. Jon Magnar Haugen  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Ministry of Agriculture and Food  
Ms. Bente Herstad  Policy Director  Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation  
Ms. Tone Hertzberg  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Ingrid Hoff  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Jens Frølich Holte  State Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Gurminderjit Kaur  Advisor  Norwegian Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Hans Kolshus  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Environment Agency  
Ms. Cecilie Christin Kverme  Senior Adviser  Office of the Prime Minister  
  
Norway (continued) 
Ms. Eirin Larsen  Senior Adviser  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Per Arne Leland  Bodyguard for the Prime Minister of Norway  Norwegian Police Security Service  
Mr. Gard Lindseth  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Kathrine Loe Bjoenness  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Environment Agency  
Mr. Odd Kristian Netland  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sofie Nordvik  Campaign Coordinator  The Norwegian Children and Youth Council  
Mr. Jo Randen  Communication Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Ane Rostrup Gabrielsen  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Helge Skaara  Ambassador  Norwegian Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Inge Skeie  Deputy Director General  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Frida Linnéa Skjæraasen  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Peer Stiansen  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Tove Stub  Senior Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Stig Oeyvind Uhr Svenningsen  Deputy Director General  Ministry of Petroleum and Energy  
Mr. Andreas Sørum  Bodyguard for the Prime Minister of Norway  Norwegian Police Security Service  
Ms. Ragnhild Marie Falkenberg Valstad  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Marit Kristine Vea  Political Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Sofie Fogstad Vold  Adviser  Ministry of Petroleum and Energy  
Oman 
H.E. Mr. Mohammed Salim Altobi  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Ms. Kifaya Khamis AL Raisi  Ambassador  
Mr. Khamis Mohamed Al Zidi  Director  Climate Change Mitigation Department  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Mr. Khalid Hilal AL Toobi  Director  Climate Modelling and Studies  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Mr. Ibrahim Yaqoob Al Harthi  Managing Head of Detection and Monitoring of Impacts and Vulnerabilities Section  Climate Change Adaptation  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Mr. Hamad Hamood Al Rahbi  Climate Affairs Technician  Climate Change Mitigation  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Said AL Kharusi  Head of the Minister Office  Minister Office  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Mr. Saud Salim AL-Araimi  Director of International Co-operation Department  International Co-operation  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Mr. Mustafa Abdul Redha AL Lawati  Diplomat  Global Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Salim Abdullah AL Qassabi  Head of Committees and Councils Section  Minister’s Office  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Mr. AL Muatasam Mohamed AL Salami  Media and Awareness Specialist  Media and Awareness  Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs  
Mr. Mohammed Khalfan Al Shuaili  Petroleum Development Oman  
Mr. Sami Al Nabli Al Arabi  Public Relations Officer  
Mr. Said Mohamed Al Suqri  Petroleum Development Oman  
Pakistan 
Mr. Malik Amin Aslam  Federal Minister  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Aamir Ashraf Khawaja  Federal Secretary  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Muhammad Irfan Tariq  Director General  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Khayyam Akbar  Ambassador of Pakistan to Spain  Embassy of Pakistan, Madrid  
Mr. Muhammad Suleyman Khan  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Climate Change  
  
Pakistan (continued) 
Mr. Imran Khan  Assistant Director  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Saadullah Ayaz  NPM BUR  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Naveed Ahmed Abbasi  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Umair Ali  First Secretary, Deputy Head of Mission  Embassy of Pakistan, Madrid  
Mr. Nauman Bashir Bhatti  Deputy Head of Mission  Pakistan Embassy Brussels  
Ms. Kashmala Shahab Kakakhel  
Mr. Muhammad Imran Khan  Counsellor  Parep New York  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ali Waqas Malik  Director (UN)  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Danish Mehmood  First Secretary, Head of Chancery  Embassy of Pakistan, Madrid  
Palau 
Mr. Raakook Singeo  First Secretary  Permanent Mission of the Republic of Palau to the United Nations  
Ms. Camilla Agnethe Borrevik  Advisor  
Mr. Chien-Wang Lee  
Mr. Wen-Hao Tien  Advisor  
Panama 
S.E. Sr. Milciades Abdiel Concepción  Minister  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Mr. Manuel Orestes Nieto de Icaza  Ambassador  Embassy of Panama in Spain  
Sra. Mirta Estela Benítez Herrera  Directora de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sra. Shirley Habiba Binder Zbeda  Directora de Politica Ambiental  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sra. Angie Ivette Blanco Lizarraga  Gerente de Medios Sociales  Dirección de Comunicaciones  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sra. Christine Mathilde Brostella Holever  Panamá Agregada  Embajada de Panama  
Mr. Victor Francisco Cadavid Caballero  Director Forestal  Dirección Forestal  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sr. José Julio Casas Maldonado  Director de Costas y Mares  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Mr. Iniquilipi Gracilio Chiari Lombardo  Evaluador de Proyectos  Dirección de Áreas Protegidas y Vida Silvestre  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sr. Antonio Helmut Clemente  Coordinador de Sistemas de Información Geografica  Fundacion MarViva  
Sra. Khadin Mari Cossú Herrera  Panamá Agregada  Embajada de Panama  
Sra. Vilna Eyra Cuellar Mondragon  Coordinadora de Proyecto  Fundación Natura  
Sra. Ana Silvia Domínguez  Jefe de Mitigación  Departamento de Mitigación  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sra. Verónica Argelis González Quintero  Analista de Cambio Climático  Mitigación  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sr. Osvaldo Jordan Ramos  Director Ejecutivo  CREHO  
Sr. René López Argüelles  Coordinador Comunicaciones 
Nacionales  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sra. Ana Carolina Martínez Quintero  Analista de Cambio Climático  Departamento de Adaptación  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Sra. Ruth Ngolela Byrnes Metzel  Directora Ejecutiva  Proyecto Ecologico Azuero  
Sra. Rosa Montañez Gallego  Fundacion Natura Directora  Directora Ejecutiva  Fundación Natura  
Sra. Luz Graciela Morales Maffla de Calzadilla  Directora de Hidrometeorología  ETESA  
Sra. Sara Edhith Omi Casama  Delegada de Pueblos Originarios  Congreso General Emberá de Alto Bayano  
Sr. Gustavo Leonardo Padilla Corro  Jefe de Cooperación Técnica Internacional  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Papua New Guinea 
H.E. Mr. Wera Mori  Minister of Environment, Conservation and Climate Change  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Ruel Yamuna  Managing Director  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Kevin Conrad  Executive Director  Executive Board  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Sra. Federica Bietta  Managing Director  Coalition for Rainforest Nations Secretariat  
  
Papua New Guinea (continued) 
Mr. Alfred Rungol  a/General Manager  Climate Change and Development Authority  
Mr. Stanley John Wapot  Program Manager  Sustainable Development Program  Melanesian Spearhead Group  
Ms. Seline Leo-Lohia  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Luanne Losi Yawingu  Climate Change and Development Authority  
Mr. Paul Chung  Chief Operating Officer  Coalition for Rainforest Nations Secretariat  
Ms. Debra Sungi  Policy Analyst, International Negotiations and APEC  Climate Change and Development Authority  International Relations  
Mr. Bonaventure Hasola  Technical Adviser  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Rabbie Lalo  PNG Forest Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Eunice Dus  Senior REDD+ Policy Analyst  Climate Change and Development Authority  REDD+ and Mitigation Division  
Ms. Sonia Baine  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Apeame More  Research Officer  PNG Science and Research Technology Secretariat  
Mr. Eduardo Enrique Reyes Guerrero  Asesor REDD+  Presidencia de la República  
Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Ms. Kathy Benini  Coaliation of Rainforest Nations  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Tauni Kristine Berger  Coaliation of Rainforest Secretariate  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Leonardo Massai  Legal Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Ms. Alexa Cecelia Schatzmann  Coaliation of Rainforest Nations Secretariate  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Diego Rene Velasquez Corredor  Coaliation of Rainforest Nation Secretariate  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Emilio Luis Sempris Ceballos  Political Advisor  CfRN  
Ms. Nathalie Maria Flores Gonzalez  Administration Assistant  CfRN  
Ms. Ines Adele Juliette Rodier  Technical Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Daniel Alcalde Guelfo  Coaliation of Rainforest Nations Secretariate  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Peter Donald Boyd  Coaliation of Rainforest Nations  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Christian Lohberger  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Schmidt Wiktor Lukasz  Coaliation of Rain Forest Nations  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Paraguay 
S.E. Sr. Ariel Oviedo  Ministro  
Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Ulises Pedro Antonio Lovera Gaona  National Director  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Eduardo Jose Von Glasenapp Candia  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores - Paraguay  
Sr. Hipolito Acevei Guainer  Federación por la Auto Deteminacion de los Pueblos Indigenas  
Ms. Lilian Marcela Afara Corrales  Embajada de Paraguay en Madrid  
Sr. Juan Eudes Afara Maciel  Senador de la Nación  Cámara de Senadores  
Sra. Maria Eugenia Teresa Alderete Corvalan  Itaipu Binacional  
Mr. Oscar Alvarez Notario  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Humberto Ariel Colman Castillo  Viceministro de Economía  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Ms. Liz Haydee Coronel Correa  Embajada de Paraguay en Madrid  
Sr. Oscar Nicanor Duarte Frutos  Director de la Entidad Binacional Yacyreta  Entidad Binacional Yacyreta  
Sr. Ever Alexander Florentin Benitez  Consultado General del Paraguay en Madrid  
Ms. Milce Maria Celestina Florentin Quiñonez  Ministerio de Defensa Nacional  
Sr. Miguel Angel Gomez Acosta  Director de Coordinación Ejecutiva de Itaipu  Itaipu Binacional  
  
Paraguay (continued) 
Sr. Jorge Daniel Gonzalez Delgado  Dirección General de Enlace Interinstitucional  Secretaría Técnica de Planificación del Desarrollo Económico y Social  
Sr. Walter Enrique Harms Cespedes  Diputado de la Nación  Comisión Asesora Asesoras Relaciones Exteriores  Cámara de Diputados  
Sr. Walter Maximiliano Harms Vergara  
Sr. Hans Albert Hellman Degli Uberti  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Hilario José Hermosa Alfonso  Itaipu Binacional  
Sra. Adriana María Insfran Fretes  
Sr. Bruno Eduardo Jaen Bohorques Caballero  Itaipu Binacional  
Mr. Blas Lanzoni Achinelli  Senador de la Nación  Cámara de Senadores  
Sr. Jose Heliodoro Maciel Jara  Agencia Financiera de Desarrollo  
Sra. Lourdes Mónica Miranda Jordán  Encargada Cambio Climático  Unidad de Asuntos Ambientales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Nora Clotilde Paez Ortiz  Jefa de Departamento de Adaptacion  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Secretaría del Ambiente  
Mr. Lourdes Alfredo Penzzi Lesme  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. Zulma Elizabeth Peralta de Acosta  Ministerio de Defensa Nacional  
Sra. Adriana Antonella Piacentini Orrego  Jefa de Departamento de 
Mitigación  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Oscar Ignacio Rodas Insfran  Comisión Nacional de Defensa de los Recursos Naturales  Asesor de la Delegacion  
Sr. Cirilo Alfonzo Romero Correa  Entidad Binacional Yacyreta  
Sr. Angel Amin Saua Vila  Entidad Binacional Yacyreta  
Sr. Pastor Emilio Soria Melo  Diputado Nacional  Honorable Camara de Diputados  
Sr. Alejandro Makoto Takahasi Alvarez  Entidad Binacional Yacyreta  
Sr. David Marco Aurelio Torres Benitez  Instituto Forestal Nacional  
Sra. Lucia Maria del Rocio Vely Lacognata  Jefa de Departamento  Administración Nacional de Electricidad  
Peru 
S.E. Sra. Fabiola M. Muñoz Dodero  Ministro  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Mr. Gabriel Quijandría Acosta  Viceminister of Strategic Development of Natural Resources  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Laura Secada Daly  Directora General de Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Ms. Silvia Cristina Rodriguez Valladares  Directora de Adaptación al Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. Maria Angélica Rondón Mestanza  Especialista Legal en Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Dirección General de Cambio 
Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Mr. Lorenzo Alejandro Eguren Ciurlizza  Coordinador de Proyectos  Dirección de Mitigación de Gases de Efecto Invernadero  Dirección General de Cambio Climático y Desertificación  
Ms. Carmen Arias  Sub Directora de Asuntos Ambientales Globales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Marco Balarezo  Director General de Asuntos Multilaterales y Globales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Miguel Samanéz Bendezú  Director de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Manuel Enrique García-Rosell Rodríguez  Especialista Técnico 2 - Proyecto Partnership for Market Readiness  Dirección de Mitigación de Gases de Efecto Invernadero  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. Silke Yordanka Campos Conde  Especialista en Mitigación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. Berioska Quispe Estrada  Especialista para el Fortalecimiento Institucional para REDD+  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. Nathaly Cristina Abadía Salinas  Especialista en Análisis Económico Ambiental  Dirección General de Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
  
Peru (continued) 
Ms. Jenny Elizabeth Chimayco Ortega  Coordinadora de Comunicación y Fortalecimiento de Capacidades  Dirección General de Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sr. Rodrigo Alvites Pastor  Monitoring and Evaluation Specialist  MINAM  
Ms. Jessica Mercedes Huertas Campoverde  Especialista en Poblaciones Vulnerables y Género  Dirección General de Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Ms. Angela María Acevedo Huertas  Viceministra de Interculturalidad  Ministerio de Cultura  
Mr. Oscar Ramiro Altamirano Quispe  Gobernador Regional  Gobierno Regional Amazonas  
Ms. Laura Maribel Avellaneda Huamán  Especialista de Recursos Naturales  Ministerio de Agricultura y Riego  
Ms. Ernesto Fabio Bazán Alguiar  Ejecutivo de Inversiones del Sector Agricultura, Medio Ambiente, Producción, Ciencia y Tecnología.  Dirección General de Inversión Pública  Ministerio de Economía y Finanzas  
Mr. Pedro Bogarin Vargas  Gobernador Regional  Gobierno Regional de San Martín  
Mr. Luis Augusto Briceño Jara  Gerente General Regional  Gobierno Regional de Huánuco  
Mr. Javier David Campos Gavilán  Director General de Eficiencia Energética  Ministerio de Energía y Minas  
Ms. Paula Rosa Carrión Tello  Viceministra de Políticas Agrarias  Ministerio de Agricultura y Riego  
Ms. Sofía Castro Salvador  Investigadora, docente  Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú  
Ms. Sandra Paola Chiri Vargas  Estudiante de Maestría  Universidad de Yale- Escuela de Estudios Ambientales y Forestales  
Ms. Andrea Paola Cuba Plaza  City Councilor  IRD Lima  
Ms. Lucy Donatta Cudeña Rengifo  Consultor  Mecanismos de Desarrollo Alternos - MDA  
Mr. Claudio De la Puente Ribeyro  Embajador  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. María Sol Delgado Ayca  Segunda Secretaria  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Lorena Magaly Durand Vivanco  Directora de Política y Regulación  SERFOR  
Mr. Samuel Edward Dyer Ampudia  Presidente  PRO Ucayali  
Mr. Jorge Ivo Ferreyra Ayllón  Realizador audiovisual  Circus Grey  
Mr. Víctor David Galarreta Encinas  Presidente del Consejo Directivo  Mecanismos de Desarrollo Alternos - MDA  
Mr. Antonio García Revilla  Embajador  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Elvira Gómez Rivero  Directora General de Información y Ordenamiento  SERFOR  
Ms. Lucy Silvia Henderson Palacios  
Mr. Ernesto Wlater Heredia Martínez  Director Cooperación Técnica Internacional  
Gobierno Regional de Madre de Dios  
Mr. Alejandro Hesse Martínez  Gerente de Medio Ambiente  Municipalidad de San Borja  
Mr. Luis Guillermo Hidalgo Okimura  Gobierno Regional de Madre de Dios  
Ms. Lourdes Huanca Atencio  
Mr. Carlos Adrian Linares Peñaloza  Presidente de Directorio  COFIDE  
Ms. María Laura López León  Analista en Economía  Ministerio de Economía y Finanzas  
Mr. Edwin Pedro Mansilla Ucañani  Gerencia Regional de Recursos Naturales y Gestión del Medio Ambiente  Gobierno Regional del Cusco  
Mr. Mirco Henrry Miranda Sotil  Jefe de Gabinete de Asesores  Ministerio de Agricultura y Riego  
Mr. Elisban Ochoa Sosa  Gobernador Regional  Gobierno Regional de Loreto  
Mr. Guillermo Alejandro Pardavé Reto  Consejero  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Natalia Pena Mendiola  Productora  Circus Grey  
Mr. Eduardo Miguel Hilarión Pérez del Solar Marcenaro  Ministro  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Francisco Antonio Pezo Torres  Gobernador Electo Ucayali  
  
Peru (continued) 
Ms. Paola Cristina Ramos Meléndez  Universidad Complutense de Madrid  
Ms. Izabela Renata Szasz  Camarógrafa  Circus Grey  
Mr. Segundo Fausto Roncal Vergara  Director General de la Dirección General de Asuntos Ambientales  Ministerio de Vivienda, Construcción y Saneamiento  
Ms. Gabriela Teófila Rosas Benancio  Directora de Meteorología y Evaluación Ambiental Atmosférica  Servicio Nacional de Meteorología e Hidrología  
Mr. Willy German Salazar Meier  Primer Secretario  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Ms. Milagros Sandoval Díaz  Directora Regional de Cambio Climático  Conservación Internacional  
Mr. Víctor Humberto Santillán Leiba  Comunicador de la Dirección General de Cambio Climático del Ministerio del Ambiente  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Mr. Daniel Schmerler Vainstein  Presidente del Consejo Directivo  Osinergmin  
Mr. Claudio Albert Schneider Negib  Director Técnico Senior  Conservación Internacional  
Ms. Karla Mariela Urdiales Adrianzén  Directora de la Oficina de Comunicaciones e Imagen Institucional  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Mr. Héctor Gerardo Valcárcel Toullier  Gerente  Mancomunidad Amazónica  
Ms. Paola Nilda Vásquez Zuñiga  Sub Gerente de Desarrollo Económico  Municipalidad Distrital de Lares  
Ms. Claudia María Velit Palacios de Lesevic  Ministra Consejera  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Ynga La Plata  Vice Ministro de Desarrollo e Infraestructura Agraria y Riego  Ministerio de Agricultura y Riego  
Mr. Celso Antonio Zelaya Vallvé  Director Creativo  Circus Grey  
Philippines 
Ms. Loren B. Legarda  Deputy Speaker  House of Representatives  
H.E. Mr. Philippe Lhuillier  Ambassador  Philippine Embassy, Madrid  
Mr. Francis Gerald Abaya  Congressman  Philippine House of Representatives  
Mr. Ralf Roldan  Third Secretary  Philippine Embassy, Madrid  
Ms. Raisa Mabayo  Third Secretary  Philippine Embassy, Madrid  
Mr. Mikhal de Dios  Third Secretary  Philippine Embassy, Madrid  
Ms. Kristine Sheree Mangunay-Infante  Supervising Legislative Staff Officer III  Office of Deputy Speaker Loren Legarda  House of Representatives  
Ms. Joyceline Goco  Senior Technical Advisor  Office of the Vice Chairperson  Climate Change Commission  
Ms. Amelia Dulce Supetran  Senior Technical Advisor  Office of the Vice-Chairperson  Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Jerome Ilagan  Planning Officer V  
Ms. Paola Sherina Alvarez  Assistant Secretary  Department of Finance  
Ms. Willa Nicole Tac-An  Planning Officer II  Department of Finance  
Ms. Karen Caro-Trujillo  Philippine Embassy, Madrid  
Poland 
H.E. Mr. Mateusz Morawiecki  Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Michal Kurtyka  Minister of Climate  
Mr. Adam Guibourgé – Czetwertynski  Underssecretary of State  Ministry of Climate  
Mr. Jakub Gibek  Deputy Director  Bureau of the COP24 Presidency  Ministry of Climate  
Mr. Grzegorz Grobicki  Head of Climate Policy Unit  Bureau of the COP24 Presidency  Ministry of Climate  
Ms. Marzenna Adamczyk  Ambassador  Embassy of Poland in Spain  
Ms. Izabela Antos  Deputy Director  National Treasury Department  Chancellery of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Edward Basinski  Advisor to the Minister, Head of Climate and Energy Policy Unit  Economic Policy Support Department  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Agata Bator  Chief Expert  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
  
Poland (continued) 
Ms. Marzena Anna Chodor  Co-Chair of the Paris Committee on Capacity Building  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
Mr. Andrzej Ciopinski  Deputy Director  Economic Policy Support Department  Minstry of Finance  
Ms. Urszula Czarniecka Januszczyk  Senior Specialist  Hydrogeology and Environment Program  Polish Geological Institute - National Research Institute  
Ms. Anna Dmitrowicz  Ministry of Funds and Regional Policy  
Mr. Piotr Dombrowicki  The National Centre for Emissions Management  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  
Ms. Kamila Drebszok  Expert  Department of Climate and Air Protection  Ministry of Climate  
Ms. Monika Figaj  Chief Expert  Department of Forestry  Ministry of Climate  
Mr. Pawel Jablonski  Counsellor  Chancellery of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Tomasz Karpinski  Chief Expert  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
Mr. Sebastian Keciek  
Mr. Marek Korowajczyk  Director  
Foreign Affairs Department  Chancellery of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Marcin Jacek Kowalczyk  Chief Expert  Economic Policy Support Department  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Lukasz Latala  Senior Expert  Bureau of the COP24 Presidency  Ministry of Climate  
Mr. Artur Lorkowski  Special Envoy on Climate of the Minister of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Grzegorz Lukasz Malachowski  Chief Expert  National Security Center  
Ms. Justyna Orlowska  Expert  Bureau of the COP24 Presidency  Ministry of Climate  
Ms. Alicja Joanna Pawlowska  Expert  Bureau of the COP24 Presidency  Ministry of Climate  
Ms. Mira Poreba  Expert  Bureau of the COP24 Presidency  Ministry of Climate  
Ms. Agnieszka Ragin  Director  Bureau of the COP24 Presidency  Ministry of Climate  
Ms. Zofia Roguska  Attaché  EU Economic Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Malgorzata Slusarczyk  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Kinga Agnieszka Sokolowska  Embassy of Poland in Spain  
Mr. Pawel Stasikowski  Deputy Director  Diplomatic Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Klaudia Natalia Tenoudji  Embassy of Poland in Spain  
Mr. Jacek Trzosowski  Head of International Cooperation Unit  
Institute of Meteorology and Water Management  
Ms. Karina Wegrzynowska  Embassy of Poland in Spain  
Mr. Maciej Werkowski  Senior Expert  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
Ms. Jolanta Wilomska  Chief Expert  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
Mr. Marcin Zaczek  Senior Specialist  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
Ms. Agnieszka Zaloga  Head of Unit  Department of Climate and Air Protection  Ministry of Climate  
Portugal 
H.E. Mr. António Costa  Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Joáo Pedro Matos Fernandes  Minister for Environmental and Climate Action  
Mr. Ricardo Serrão Santos  Minister of the Sea  
H.E. Mr. Francisco Ribeiro de Menezes  Ambassador of Portugal  Portuguese Embassy in Madrid  
Mr. Ricardo Mourinho Félix  Secretário de Estado Adjunto e das Finanças  Ministério das Finanças  
Ms. Ana Teresa Perez  Member of the Board  Portuguese Environment Agency  
  
Portugal (continued) 
Mr. Eduardo Ferreira Santos  Head of Department  Department for Climate Change  Portuguese Environment Agency  
Ms. Joana Vieira da Silva  International Climate Adviser  Department for Climate Change  Portuguese Environment Agency  
Mr. Nuno Sanchez Lacasta  President  Portuguese Environment Agency  
Ms. Ana Lacerda  Chefe do Gabinete do Secretário de Estado Adjunto e das Finanças  
Mr. José Maria Cardoso  Member of Parliament  Assembleia da República  
Mr. José Manuel Carpinteira  Member of Parliament  Assembleia da República  
Mr. Bruno Coimbra  Member of Parliament  Assembleia da República  
Ms. Alma Rivera  Member of Parliament  Assembleia da República  
Ms. Assunção Cristas  Member of Parliament  Assembleia da República  
Ms. Mariana Silva  Member of Parliament  Assembleia da República  
Mr. André Silva  Member of Parliament  Assembleia da República  
Ms. Joacine Moreira  Member of Parliament  Assembleia da República  
Mr. Alvaro Mendonça e Moura  Secretary General  Foreign Affairs Ministry  
Mr. Francisco André  Head of Cabinet  Prime Minister’s Cabinet  
Ms. Alexandra Carvalho  Secretary General  Ministry of the Environment and Climate Action  
Mr. José Ferreira  Head of Cabinet  Ministry of the Sea  
Mr. Filipe Duarte Santos  CNADS - Conselho Nacional do Ambiente e Desenvolvimento Sustentável  
Mr. Francisco Alegre Duarte  Diplomatic Adviser  Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Ana Catarina Santos  Press Adviser  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Tiago Araújo  Diplomatic Adviser  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Bernardo Amaral  Adviser  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. José Guedes de Sousa  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Carmen Silvestre  Embaixada em Madrid  
Ms. Isabel Valente  Embaixada em Madrid  
Mr. Rui Baceira  Instituto Camões  
Ms. Catarina Sousa  Head of Unit  International Affairs  Ministry of the Environment and Climate Action  
Ms. Ana Paula Rodrigues  Adviser  Cabinet of the Environment and Climate Action Minister  Ministry of the Environment and Climate Action  
Mr. Mário Ribeiro  Adviser  Cabinet of the Minister of Environment and Climate Action  
Mr. António Cerca Miguel  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Márcia Marques  Adviser  Cabinet of the Minister of the Sea  
Mr. Pedro Marcelo Curto  Embaixada em Madrid  
Ms. Isabel Gonçalves  Parliamentary Adviser  Assembleia da República  
Mr. André Amaro  Inventory Expert  Department for Climate Change  Portuguese Environment Agency  
Ms. Joana Veloso  Policy Adviser  Department for Climate Change  Portuguese Environment Agency  
Mr. Paulo Vaz Henriques  Official Photographer  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Francisco Nunes  Head of Security  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Rui Fernandes  Security officer  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. José Corvo  Security officer  Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Catarina Almeida  Get2C  
Mr. Filipe Almeida Araújo  Vice President  Municipality of Porto  
Mr. Pedro Amaral Jorge  Presidente  APREN  
Ms. Susana Antas Serôdio  APREN  
Ms. Maria João Azancot  Cement Industry Technical Association  
Ms. Joana Balsemão  Municipality of Cascais  
Mr. Pedro Barata  Get2C  
Ms. Madalena Bravo de Lacerda  APREN  
Mr. Luis Costa  Get2C  
  
Portugal (continued) 
Ms. Daniela Coutinho  Ce3C, FCUL  
Mr. João Dinis  Câmara de Cascais  
Mr. Miguel Feio  Diretor Nacional da Quercus  QUERCUS  
Ms. Carmen Fernández González  EDP España  
Mr. Francisco Ferreira  FCT-UNL  
Ms. Ana Patrícia Fonseca  Educação para Desenvolvimento e Advocacy, Fundação Fé e Cooperação  
Ms. Paula Guerra  Head of Finance  EDP  
Mr. Luis Laginha de Sousa  Banco de Portugal  
Mr. Gonçalo Leite  Cement Industry Technical Association  
Ms. Maria João Lopes Marques  Educação para Desenvolvimento e Advocacy, Fundação Fé e Cooperação  
Mr. Dinis Loyens  
Ms. Ana Margarida Magina  Grupo Quadrante  
Mr. José Manuel Medeiros Pinto  Secretary General  APREN  
Mr. José Luís Monteiro  Project Officer  Asociación Civil Oikos  
Mr. António Neves  
Mr. João Paiva  Commission for Gender Equality and Citizenship  
Ms. Maria do Rosário Palha  Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian  
Mr. Jiesper Pedersen  Faculdade de Ciências/Universidade de Lisboa  
Mr. Miguel Peixoto  Interpreter  Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Beatriz Pinto  EY Portugal  
Ms. Ana Quelhas  EDP  
Ms. Filipa Saldanha  Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian  
Ms. Sofia Santos  Climate Finance Specialist  SystemicSphere Lda  
Mr. Luis Saramago  Banco de Portugal  
Mr. Giovanbattista Tusa  Investigador de Filosofia e Ecologia IFILNOVA  
Ms. Sofia Vaz  Investigadora Pós-doc IFILNOVA  
Ms. Susana Viseu  Business as Nature  
Qatar 
H.E. Mr. Abdulla Abdulaziz bin Turki Al Subaie  Minister  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Abdulla Ibrahim Al-Hamar  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Kingdom of Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmad Mohammed Al-Sada  Undersecretary of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Abdulhadi Nasser Almarri  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Mubarak Nasser Alkhalifa  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Hamad Hadi Al-Marri  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Ghanem Mohamed Al-Maadeed  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmad Yousuf Alshebani  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Mohammed Al-Sada  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Saleh Mohsen Al-Harrbi  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Mohmoud Abdulaziz Al-Marwani  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Saad Abdulla Al-Hitmi  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Abdulla Yar Maskin  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Ismail Mohammed Alhaidar  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Ms. Kholoud Mohd Al-Kubasi  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Mohammed Omar Al-Bader  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Baligh Awad Aldakdakay  Ministry of Municipality and Environment  
Mr. Hamad Abdulla Aljumaily  Qatar University  
Mr. Ali Hassan Al-Hababi  Qatar University  
Mr. Yousef Ahmad Al-Hussaini  Qatar Petroleum  
Mr. Abdulla Anbar Al-Jassim  Qatar General Electricity and Water Corporation  
Mr. A.Rahman Ali Al-Naama  Qatar General Electricity and Water Corporation  
Mr. Hamad A.Rahman Al-Kuwari  Qatar University  
Mr. Abdulla Mohd Al-Mannai  Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. A.Rahman Saleh Al-Ansari  Civil Aviation Authority  
  
Qatar (continued) 
Mr. Mohammed Ibrahim Al-Marzooqi  Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Abdulrahman Ali Al-Muftah  Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy  
Mr. Shashi Prakash  Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy  
Mr. A.Aziz Ahmad Al-Hammadi  Qatar General Electricity and Water Corporation  
Mr. Abdulaziz Ahmad Al-Mahmoud  Qatar General Electricity and Water Corporation  
Ms. Nayla Ebrahim Shahbeck  Qatar General Electricity and Water Corporation  
Ms. Aisha Ahmed Alali  Qatar General Electricity and Water Corporation  
Mr. Youssef El Mzaouni  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Djelloul Khaldi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Bachir El Ferroun  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Lucian Burlan  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Javier Fernández Monasterio  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Thana Salama  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmad Saraj  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Fatima El Ferroun  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hamdi Aljammlali  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ali Zerzif - El - Miliani  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohsin Hussain Al-Shaikh  Hamad International Airport  
Ms. Muneera Saleh Abashaar  Qatar University  
Mr. Mohammed Rashid Al-Sulaiti  Qatar Foundation  
Mr. Ali Saeed Al-Sulaiti  Student  
Republic of Korea 
H.E. Mr. Myung Rae Cho  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Yeonchul Yoo  Ambassador for Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hong-jo Chun  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Korea to Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kee yong Chung  Director General for Climate Change, Energy, Environmental and Scientific Affairs Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hyunsoo Yun  Deputy Director-General  Climate Change, Energy, Environmental and Scientific Affairs Bureau  Diplomatic Information Office - Ministry of Foreign Affairs, European Union and Cooperation  
Mr. InTaek Choi  Director  Climate Diplomacy and Green Economy Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sooyoung Lee  First Secretary  Climate Diplomacy and Green Economy Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Jihye Moon  Second Secretary  Climate Diplomacy and Green Economy Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jae Hyuk Jung  Second Secretary  Climate Diplomacy and Green Economy Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jaehee Jung  Third Secretary  
Climate Diplomacy and Green Economy Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Wongi Choe  Professor  The Institute of Foreign Affairs and National Security  
Mr. Suhyong Chung  Professor  Korea University  
Mr. Ki-joung Cho  Minister Counsellor  Embassy of the Republic of Korea to Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Dahye Hong  Second Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Korea to Spain  
Mr. PongGyun Park  First Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Korea, Bonn Office  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jung wk Kim  Chairperson  Presidential Committee on Green Growth  Office of Government Policy Coordination  
Mr. Jinnam Kim  Director General  Office for Supporting Green Growth  Office of Government Policy Coordination  
Mr. Min-young Kim  Deputy Director  Office for Supporting Green Growth  Government Policy Coordination  
Ms. Seungyeon Han  Deputy Director  Office of Government Policy Coordination  
Mr. Byunghoon Kim  Minister’s Secretary  Ministry of Environment  
  
Republic of Korea (continued) 
Mr. Suktae Hwang  Director General  Climate Change Policy Bureau  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Ho Yu  Director  Climate Change Strategy Division  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Dukkyu Ko  Senior Deputy Director  Climate Change Strategy Division  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Yongsik Choi  Deputy Director  Climate Change Strategy Divsion  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Junghwa Lee  Programme Officer  Climate Change Strategy Division  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Daejin Lee  Programme Officer  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Dooyoung Jeon  Associate Researcher  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Myungeun Kwon  Interpreter  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Yongchul Cho  Programme Officer  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Minyoung Kim  Deputy Director  Greenhouse Gas Inventory and Research Center  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Jaein Kim  Associate Researcher  Greenhouse Gas Inventory & Research Center of Korea  
Ms. Seoyoung Lim  Manager  Korea Environment Corporation  
Mr. Gye soo Jung  Manager  Korea Environment Corporation  
Mr. Bonggeul Joo  Staff  
Korea Environment Corporation  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Seung Jick Yoo  Professor  Sookmyung Women’s University  
Mr. Sang in Kang  Chief Research Fellow  Korea Environment Institute  
Ms. Hana Shin  Researcher  Korea Environment Institute  
Mr. Jaehyoung Lee  Professor  School of Law  Korea University  
Mr. Seokjin Chung  Director  Industry Environment Division  MOTIE  
Mr. Ki-Seong Kwon  Director  GHG Reduction Team  MOTIE  
Mr. Seok Jung  Deputy Director  Industrial Environment Division  Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy  
Mr. Dongpil Kim  Assistant Director  Industry Environment Division  MOTIE  
Mr. Daeho Lee  Researcher  Sogang Institute of International and Area Studies  
Mr. Soon Chul Park  Researcher  Korea Institute of Industrial Technology  
Mr. Dong Woon Noh  Senior Research Fellow  Climate Change Research Division  Korea Energy Economics Institute  
Mr. Insung Son  Associate Research Fellow  Climate Change Research Division  Korea Energy Economics Institute  
Ms. Jungmin Lim  Associate Research Fellow  Korea Energy Economics Institute  
Ms. Sooin Kim  Researcher  Climate Change Research Team  Korea Energy Economics Institute  
Mr. HO-Mu Lee  Senior Research Fellow  Korea Energy Economics Institute  
Mr. Seung Hyun Kong  Assistant Manager  Korea Energy Agency  
Mr. Jonghun Lee  Director  Green Climate Policy Division  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. Donghyun Jung  Deputy Director  Green Climate Policy Division  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Ms. Yeeun Kim  Researcher  Green Climate Policy Division  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. Poong Sik Min  Director  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport  
Mr. Sun Gab Kim  Assistant Director  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport  
Mr. Jun Haeng Jo  Research Fellow  Korea Transport Institute  
Mr. TaeHyung Kim  Director  Future Strategy & Job Creation Division  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport  
Ms. Kyung Sun Lee  Deputy Director  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport  
Ms. Jo Jeong Jeon  Assistant Director  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport  
Mr. Sangjune Park  Research Fellow  Korea Transport Institute  
  
Republic of Korea (continued) 
Mr. Seogon Ko  Director-General  Ministry of Science and ICT  
Mr. Doyoon Kim  Deputy Director  Ministry of Science and ICT  
Ms. Chaewoon Oh  Senior Researcher  Green Technology Center  
Ms. Wona Lee  Research Fellow  Green Technology Center  
Ms. Rywon Yang  Researcher  Green Technology Center  
Mr. Junhee Lee  Deputy Director  Climate Policy Division  Korea Meteorological Administration  
Ms. Jieun Park  Assistant Director  Climate Policy Division  Korea Meteorological Administration  
Ms. Se young Lim  Legal Specialist  Ministry of Justice  
Ms. Eunkyung Lee  Deputy Director  Rural Renewable Energy Team  Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs  
Ms. Suk Hui Lee  Deputy General Manager  Korea Marine Environment Management Corporation  
Mr. Young Don Kim  Assistant Manager  Korea Marine Environment Management Corporation  
Mr. Sang Moon Kim  Surveyor  Korea Maritime Transportation Safety Authority  
Ms. Yejin Lee  Research Scientist  National Institute of Agricultural Sciences  
Mr. Wooyoung Kim  Deputy Director  International Cooperation Division  Korea Forest Service  
Ms. Kyungmi Oh  Policy Officer  International Cooperation Division  Korea Forest Service  
Mr. Seokseung Lim  Policy Officer  Korea Forest Service  
Ms. Nara Lee  REDD+ Coordinator  Global Forest Resources Division  Korea Forest Service  
Mr. Raehyun Kim  Senior Scientist  Division of Global Forestry  National Institute of Forest Science  
Mr. Dong-ho Lee  Research Scientist  Division of Global Forestry  National Institute of Forest Science  
Mr. Sungjo Lee  Secretary General  National Assembly  
Mr. Kyung Soon Park  Assistant Manager  Korea Energy Agency  
Republic of Moldova 
H.E. Mr. Ion Perju  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture, Regional Development and Environment  
Mr. Vasile Scorpan  Manager  Climate Change Office  Ministry of Agriculture, Regional Development and Environment  
H.E. Ms. Violeta Agrici  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Moldova to the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Ala Druta  Team Leader, Climate Change Office, Ministry of Agriculture, Regional Development and Environment  Climate Change Office  
Ms. Stela Volontir  Counselor of the Embassy of the 
Republic of Moldova in the Kingdom of Spain  
Romania 
H.E. Mr. Costel Alexe  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Mr. Florin-Razvan Alecu  Director  Climate Change and Sustainable Development Directorate  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Gherghita Nicodim  UNFCCC National Focal Point  Climate Change Unit, Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Rada Cosmina Craciun  Minister Cabinet Director  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Mr. Mihai Dragan  Director  Directorate of Communication, Transparency and IT, Public Relations and Media Service  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Elena Mateescu  General Director  National Meteorological Administration  
Ms. Roxana Bojariu  Head  Climatology Section  National Meteorological Authority  
Mr. Sergiu-Gabriel Cruceanu  Counselor  Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
  
Romania (continued) 
Ms. Gabriela Dancau  Ambassador  Romanian Embassy in the Kingdom of Spain  Romanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Nicoleta Florentina Datcu  Counselor  Directorate Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Gabriela Dumitriu  Minister Plenipotentiary  Romanian Embassy in the Kingdom of Spain  Romanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Ramona Olivia Mihaila  Counselor  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Bianca Moldovean  Counsellor of European Affairs  Directorate for European Affairs and International Relations  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Mr. Laurentiu Radu  Counselor  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Veronica Toza  Counselor  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Maria Ciobanu  Director  UN Directorate, Specialized Institutions and Francophonie  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Russian Federation 
H.E. Mr. Ruslan Edelgeriev  Adviser to the President, Special Envoy on Climate, Administration of the President  Administration of the President of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Murad Kerimov  Deputy Minister  Ministry on Natural Resources and Ecology  
Mr. Igor Shumakov  Head  Russian Federal Service for Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring  
Mr. Dmitry Belov  International Relations Manager  Russian Carbon Fund  
Mr. Andrey Berezkin  Manager  UC RUSAL  
Mr. Petr Bobylev  Deputy Director of Department  Department of Electric Power Development  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Sergey Chestnoy  Adviser to CEO  UC RUSAL  
Mr. Evgenii Dashkevich  Employee  Trade Representative of the Russian Federation in the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Nadezda Dementieva  First Secretary  Embassy of the Russian Federation in the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Vladimir Dmitriev  Head of Department  Federal Forestry Agency  
Ms. Tatiana Dmitrieva  Acting Head of Division  Russian Federal Service for Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring  
Mr. Maxim Dovgyallo  Executive Secretary  Commission on Mining Industry, Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs  
Mr. Mikhail Dygan  Director of Project  Russian Energy Agency  Ministry of Energy of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Dinara Gershinkova  Project manager  UC RUSAL  
Mr. Mikhail Gitarskiy  Head of Division  Institute of Global Climate and Ecology  
Mr. Vladimir Grachev  President  The V.I. Vernadsky Nongovernmental Ecological Foundation  
Mr. Oleg Kolomin  First Secretary  Embassy of Russia in Spain  
Mr. Sergey Kononuchenko  Deputy Head of Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Artem Konstantinov  Director  Saint-Petersburg Forestry Research Institute  
Mr. Yury Korchagin  Ambassador of the Russian Federation in the Kingdom of Spain  Embassy of the Russian Federation in the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Larisa Korepanova  Deputy Director  Department for Competition, Energy Efficiency and Environment  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Karolina Koroleva  Attaché  Embassy of the Russian Federation in the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Agrafena Kotova  Consultant  Department for Competition, Energy Efficiency and Environment  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Alexander Kraevoy  Head of Sector  RUSAL Global Management B.V  
Ms. Marina Kudinkina  Head  Strategic Forecasting Department  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Satnislav Kutuzov  Head of Laboratory  Russian Academy of Sciences  
  
Russian Federation (continued) 
Ms. Anastasia Kuznetsova  Deputy Head of Information and Analytical Department  Ministry of Transport of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Vladimir Lipenkov  Head of Laboratory  Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute of Roshydromet  
Ms. Vera Lipkovskaya  Chief Expert  Representative Office of PJSG Gazprom in Belgium  
Mr. Vladimir Lukin  Deputy Director  KPMG Russia  
Mr. Yury Melnikov  Senior Analyst  Energy Centre  Moscow School of Management SKOLKOVO  
Ms. Anita Mudzumdar  Chief Marketing Officer  Russian Carbon Fund  
Mr. Vasilii Murashov  First Deputy Director  Ministry of Transport of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Aleksandr Nakhutin  Deputy Director  Institute of Global Climate and Ecology  
Mr. Ian Naumkin  Third Secretary  Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the UN  
Mr. Sergey Petelin  Deputy Director - Head of Department  Gazprom Energoholding LLC  
Mr. Oleg Pluzhnikov  Director on Development  National Carbon Sequestration Foundation  
Ms. Polina Polumieva  Specialist  Institute of Global Climate and Ecology, Roshydromet  
Mr. Mikhail Rasstrigin  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Anna Romanovskaya  Director  Institute of Global Climate and Ecology  
Ms. Irina Romantseva  Expert  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Sergei Ryzhov  Deputy Trade Representative of the Russian Federation in the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Valeriy Sedyakin  Deputy Director  Institute of Global Climate and Ecology  
Mr. Alexey Shadrin  Chief Executive Officer  Russian Carbon Fund  
Ms. Anastasiia Shubina  Attaché  Embassy of the Russian Federation in the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Mikhail Sonin  Deputy Director  Department for Competition, Energy Efficiency and Environment  Ministry of Economy and Development  
Mr. Sergey Turkin  Deputy Head of Division  PJSC Gazprom  
Mr. Vladimir Tuzov  Vladimir TUZOV  Chief Strategy Officer  Siberian Coal Energy Company  
Mr. Alexey Uchenov  Director of Department  Department of Strategic Development and Corporation Policy  Ministry of Industry and Trade  
Mr. Vladimir Uskov  Head of Section  Department of International Organizations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Lubov Yaroshenko  Manager for International 
Cooperation  En+ Group  
Mr. Grigory Yulkin  Director  Department of Strategic Planning and Partnership  International Sustainable Energy Development Centre  
Mr. Pavel Zavarzin  First Secretary  Embassy of Russia in Spain  
Mr. Ivan Zhidkikh  Head of Department  Department of Special Projects and Analysis  Siberian Coal Energy Company  
Rwanda 
H.E. Ms. Jeanne d’Arc Mujawamariya  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Faustin Munyazikwiye  Deputy Director General  Climate Change and International Obligations  Rwanda Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Aimable Gahigi  Director General  Rwanda Meteorology Agency  
Mr. Parfait Gasana  Rwanda Development Board  Mead Center  Yale University  
Mr. Herman Hakuzimana  Director  Climate Change and International Obligations Unit  Rwanda Environment Management Authority  
Ms. Umuhoza Grace Ineza  Legal Representative  Green Fighters  
Ms. Sylvia Kawera R  Project Analysis Specialist  Programme  Rwanda National Fund for Environment & Climate Change  
Ms. Eva Peace Mukayiranga  Member  Green Fighters  
Rwanda (continued) 
Ms. Umutesi Nathalie Mutalikanwa  Climate Finance Specialist  Resources Mobilization  Rwanda National Fund for Environment & Climate Change  
Mr. Ladislas Ngendahimana  Secretary General  Rwanda Association of Local Government Authorities  
Ms. Pearl Inagh Nkusi  Climate Action Transparency Officer  Single Project Impementation Unit (SPIU)  Rwanda Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Bright Ntare  Program Manager  Program Unit  Rwanda National Fund for Environment & Climate Change  
Mr. Emmanuel Ntawukuriryayo  Member  Green Fighters  
Mr. Rutage Hubert Ruzibiza  CEO  Rwanda National Fund for Environment & Climate Change  
Mr. David Edward Toovey  Communications Expert  Rwanda National Fund for Environment & Climate Change  
Mr. Innocent Uwimana  Chairperson  Rwanda Association of Local Government  
Ms. Conde Lysa Uwizeyimana  Researcher  
Mr. Faustin Vuningoma  Coordinator  Rwanda Climate Change and Development Network  
Saint Kitts and Nevis 
Ms. Cheryl Jeffers  Conservation Officer II  Environment  
Mr. Derionne Edmeade  Environmental Education Officer  
Department of Environment  Ministry of Agriculture, Marine Resources, Cooperatives, Environment and Human Settlement  
Ms. Nikkita Browne  Oceanography and GIS Officer  Marine Resources  Ministry of Agriculture, Marine Resources, Cooperatives, Environment and Human Settlement  
Ms. Rueanna La Toya Tonia Haynes  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Carl-Friedrich Schleussner  Science Advisor  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. How-Chang Wang  Specialist  Development and Evaluation Office  
Ms. Inga Menke  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Gene Alexis Knight  Senior Project Officer  Policy and Planning Unit  Ministry of Agriculture et al  
Saint Lucia 
H.E. Ms. Gale T. C. Rigobert  Minister  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Dawn Pierre-Nathoniel  Deputy Chief Sustainable Development and Environment Officer  Department of Sustainable Development  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Silka Tobias  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Department of Sustainable Development  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Jemy Altenor  Media Representative  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Isaac Anthony  CEO  Caribbean Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility  
Ms. Josette Edward-Charlemagne  Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States Commission  
Mr. Chamberlain Emmanuel  Head Environmental Sustainability Cluster  Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States Commission  
Ms. Shanna Emmanuel  Sustainable Development and Environment Officer  Department of Sustainable Development  Government of Saint Lucia  
Ms. Janey Joseph  Acting Director of Gender Relations  Department of Gender Relations  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Lennel Malzaire  Director of Innovation  Innovation Division  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Ruth Phillips Itty  Climate Finance Adviser  Department of Sustainable Development  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines 
Ms. Janeel Miller-Findlay  Director  Sustainable Development Unit  Ministry of Finance, Economic Planning, Sustainable Development, and Information Technology  
  
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (continued) 
Ms. Yasa Belmar  Environmental Resource Analyst  Ministry of Health and the Environment  
Ms. Elke Rosanne  Economic Planning and Sustainable Development Division  Ministry of Finance, Economic Planning, Sustainable Development, and Information Technology  
Ms. Kalina Andaiye Ellis Browne  
Ms. Yeu-Jen Lin  
Samoa 
H.E. Mr. Ali’ioaiga Feturi Elisaia  Ambassador and Permanent Representative  Permanent Mission of the Independent State of Samoa to the United Nations, New York  
Ms. Rosalina Ah Sue  Principal Program Officer  Policies /Programs  Ministry of Women Community and Social Development  
Ms. Vanda Faasoa-Chan Ting  Assistant Chief Executive Officer  Renewable Energy  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Teuila Jane Fruean  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Kosimiki Murray Galo Latu  Deputy Director General  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Anna Popoai Main  Principal International Relations Officer  Ministry Foreign Affairs & Trade  Government of Samoa  
Ms. Leanne Moananu  Communications Support Officer  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Joseph Moeono -Kolio  Green Peace Media  Greenpeace International  
Ms. Anne Rasmussen  Assistant Chief Executive Officer  Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources, Environment and Meteorology  
Mr. Espen Ronneberg  Climate Change Adviser  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Angelica Salele  Information Management Officer  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Christian Charles Slaven  IT Manager  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Epeli Tagi  Systems Support  IT  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Sao Tome and Principe 
Mr. José Luiz Lima Onofre  Meteorologist  Meteorology  National Institute of Meteorology  
Mr. Victor Manuel Do Sacramento Bonfim  Director  Conservation  Environment  
Ms. Hedwirame Monteiro dos Santos  First Secretary / UNFCCC Focal Point  Foreign Policy Direction  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Cooperation and Communities  
Saudi Arabia 
H.E. Mr. Abdulaziz Bin Salman Al Saud  Minister  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Khalid M. Abuleif  Chief Negotiator for Climate 
Agreements  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Ayman M. Shasly  International Policies Consultant  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Taha M. Zatari  Consultant  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Hamoud R. AlOtaibi  Senior Consultant - Climate Change  Ministry of Energy  
H.E. Mr. Prince Mansour AlSaud  Ambassador  Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Spain  
Mr. Abdullah K. Tawlah  Adviser  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Mona H. AlAttas  International Policies Advisor  Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources  
Mr. Albara E. Tawfiq  Planning and Programes Analyst  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Bushra A. AlHinai  International Policy Analyst  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Rawan M. Alfehaid  Business System Analyst  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Hesham A. AlZahrani  Environmental Scientist  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Omer A. Almulhem  Engineer  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Norah N. AlOtaibi  Environmental Scientist  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Ahmed S. ALFahdah  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Osama A. ALYafi  Energy Economist  Designated National Authority  
Mr. Fouad R. Hejazi  Senior Engineer  Designated National Authority  
  
Saudi Arabia (continued) 
Mr. Hatim H. AlHarthi  Strategy Coordination and Implementation  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Eyad A. AlJubran  Legal Counsel  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Mohammed A. Alakil  International Policy Adviser  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Yousef S. AlHafedh  Director, Center of Excellence for Wildlife Research  King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology  
Mr. Badr H. AlHarbi  Manager of the National Center for Environmental Technology  King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology  
Mr. Naif B. AlQahtani  Director of CCUS Center  King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology  
Mr. Feraih S. AlEnazey  King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology  
Mr. Mohammed A. AlShamsi  Deputy Director of Life Science and Environmental Research Institute  King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology  
Mr. Faisal G. Abukheshaim  Economic Expert  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Abdullah M. AlDosari  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Abdulaziz N. AlJumaah  Director General  Ministry of Environment, Water and Agriculture  
Mr. Amro T. AlHarbi  Environmental Researcher  Ministry of Environment, Water and Agriculture  
Mr. Osama Faqeeha  Deputy Minister for Environment  Ministry of Environment, Water and Agriculture  
Mr. Moayed A. Amin  Environmental specialist  General Authority of Meteorology and Environmental Protection  
Ms. Maryam O. AlDabbagh  Environmental Law  The General Authority of Meteorology and Environmental Protection  
Ms. Danh O. AlKurdi  Environmental Specialist  General Authority for Civil Aviation  
Mr. Adnan M. AlOtaibi  GACA  
Mr. Tamim A. AlOthimin  Assistant Resercher  King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies  
Mr. Fareed S. Asaly  Ministry of Energy  
Senegal 
S.E. M. Abdou Karim Sall  Ministre de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Habibou Aidara  Parlementaire  Haut Conseil  Gouvernement  
Ms. Diatta Aramatoulaye  Parlementaire  Assemblée Nationale  Collectivité Locale  
Mr. Baidy Ba  Directeur  Eaux et forêts  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Djibrilou Ba  Vice-Président  Secteur Privé  UPIC  
Ms. Ramatoulaye Ba  Journaliste  Agence Presse Senegalaise  Privé  
Mr. Mohamed Fawzi Bedredine  Directeur Adjoint  Organisation pour la Mise en 
Valeur du Fleuve Sénégal  PGIRE  
Mr. El Hadji cherif Conte  Artiste  Culture  Société Civile  
Mr. Tafsir Makhary Dia  Architecte  Secteur Privé  Société Civile  
Mme Fatimata Dia  Civil Society  
Mr. El Hadji Boubacar Dia  Chef de Division Régionale de l’Environnement de Saint Louis  Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Mamadou Dia  Conseiller  Conseil Economique Social et Environnemental  Parlement du Sénégal  
Mr. Djibril Diagne  Agronome  Agriculture  Gouvernement  
M. El Hadji Mbaye Diagne  Membre du Comité National des Changements Climatiques  Private Sector  
Ms. Bineta Dial  Chef Environnement  Port Autonome Dakar  Secteur Privé  
Mr. Amadou Sall Dial  Directeur  Industrie  Gouvernement  
Mr. Youssouph Diallo  Directeur des organisations internationales et de la mondialisation  Ministère Affaires Etrangères  Gouvernement  
Mr. Idrissa Diatta  Responsable du Systeme d’Information  Unité de Gestion des déchets  Gouvernement  
  
Senegal (continued) 
Mr. Mohamed Cisse Diatta  Conseiller Technique  Ministere Hydraulique  Gouvernement  
Mr. Abdou Aziz Diedhiou  Chef Environnement  Finances  La Banque Agricole  
Mr. Tanor Meissa Dieng  Conseiller Technique  Ministère Agriculture  Gouvernement  
Mr. Bounama Dieye  Chef Division Agro-Industrie  Agriculture  Ministère de l’Agriculture et de l’Equipement Rural  
Mr. Matar Diop  Adjoint Maire  Ville de Pikine  Collectivités Locales  
Mr. Saer Diop  Directeur General  Ministère energie  Gouvernement  
Mr. El Hadji Malick Diop  Journaliste  Communication TFM  Secteur Privé  
Ms. Aminata Diop  Coordonnatrice Cellule Communication  Ministère de l’Environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Alhassane Diop  Directeur Financement vert et partenariat  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Chérif Diop  Conseiller technique Directrice de la Météo  Agence Nationale de l’Aviation Civile et de la Météorologie  Ministère du Tourisme et des Transports Aériens  
Ms. Mame diarra Diop  Artiste  Culture  Société Civile  
Mr. Mbaye Diop  Secrétaire Général  ISRA  Recherche  
Mr. Mariama Diop  Ingénieur  Ministère Transport  Gouvernement  
Mr. Moussa Diop  Membre du COMNACC  Energie  Comité National sur les Changements Climatiques  
Mme Ramatoulaye Diallo Diouf  Point Focal Genre  Direction de l’environnement et des Etablissements classés  Gouvernement  
Mr. Daouda Diouf  Expert Environnementaliste  Secteur Privé  UPIC  
Mr. Mor Diouf  chargé statistiques agricoles  direction statitiques agriculture  Gouvernement  
M. Papa Lamine Diouf  Chargé de Programme  Directorate of Environment  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Ms. Aissatou Diouf  Chargée de Programmes  Enda Tiers Monde  Environnement et Developpement du Tiers-Monde  
Mme Madeleine Rose Diouf Sarr  Chef de Division, Chargée de Programme sur le Climat  Ministry of environment  Direction de l’Environnement et des Etablissements Classes  
M. Baba Dramé  Directeur  Direction de l’Environnement et Etablissements classés  Gouvernement  
Mr. Haydar El Ali  Directeur Général  Environment Sustainable  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Yousseph El Ali  directeur  
ONG Oceanium  Société Civile  
Mr. Jean Pierre yvon Fall  Expert Environnement  Pudc  Gouvernement  
Mr. Samba Fall  Societé Civile  Enda Energie  
Mr. Bouna manel Fall  Conseiller Juridique  Ministère de l’Environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Sokhna Khouma Mbaye Fall  Interprete  Ambassade Espagne  Diplomate  
Mr. Boubacar Fall  Professeur  Géologie  Université  
Mr. Ndiaga Fall  Conseiller Technique  Ville de Pikine  Municipalités  
Mr. Djidiack Faye  Directeur ARD  Collectivités Locales  Gouvernement  
M. Antoine Faye  Chief Resilience Officer  Climate Change  Ville de Dakar  
Mr. Octavio Victore Renaud Fleury  Forestier  ONG océanium  Société Civile  
Mr. Talla Gueye  Conseiller  Ambassade Espagne  Diplomate  
M. Mamadou Diobe Gueye  Lawyer  Private Sector  Direction de l’Environnement et des Etablissements Classes  
Mr. Baye Oumy Gueye  Secretaire General  Ministère Urbanisme  Gouvernement  
  
Senegal (continued) 
Mr. Andrew Howard  Independent Consultant  Cabinet  Nordic Environment Finance Corporation  
Mr. Alioune badara Kaere  Expert Financier  Centre Suivi Ecologique  Entité Accréditée  
Mr. Amel Thierno Kane  Chargé de Programme  Direction de l’Environnement et des Etablissements Classes  
Mme Penda Kante  Assistante Bureau Changement Climatique  Direction de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement  
Mr. Ousseynou Kasse  Directeur Exécutif ANB  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Autorité Nationale Biosécurité  
Ms. Lala Konate  journaliste  secteur privé  Société Civile  
Mr. Papa Sagna Mbaye  Deputé  Assemblée Nationale  Parlement du Sénégal  
Ms. Awa cheikh Mbengue  Parlementaire  Conseil Economique et Social  
Ms. Aissatou Samba Mbengue  Chargée d’études  Port Autonome  Centre d’Information et de Communication Gouvernementale  
Mr. Boubacar Mbodji  Conseiller Spécial  Présidence de la République  Gouvernement  
Mr. Elisabeth Monique Monteil Ep Nadiele  Chargé de Communication  Ministère de l’Hydraulique  Gouvernement  
Mr. Adechina Maxime Monteiro  Président du Conseil d’Administration de la SOGEOH  
Société de Gestion de l’Energie des Ouvrages du Haut Bassin du Fleuve Sénégal  Organisation pour la Mise en Valeur du Fleuve Sénégal  
Mr. Magueye marame Ndao  Directeur General  Aviation  Gouvernement  
Ms. Ngoné Ndiaye  artiste  culture  Société Civile  
Mr. Ousmane Ndiaye  Directeur  Agence Nationale de l’Aviation Civile et de la Météorologie  Ministère du Tourisme et des Transports Aériens  
Mme Mame Coumba Ndiaye  Directrice des Etudes et de la Planification  Ministère de l’Energie et du Développement des Energies Renouvelables  Agence pour l’Economie et la Maitrise de l’Energie  
Mr. Daouda Ndiaye  Directeur Construction  Education  Gouvernement  
Mr. Ibra Sounkarou Ndiaye  Directeur de la Planification et de la Veille Environnementale  Gouvernement  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Amadou Lamine Ndiaye  Directeur de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Environnement  Organisation Mondiale pour la Mise en Valeur du Fleuve Sénégal  
Mr. Aboubakry Yonane Ndiaye  Economiste  Direction Budget  Ministry of Finance and Budget  
Mr. El Hadji Ibrahima Ndiaye Gueye  assistant culturel  Ambassade Espagne  Société Civile  
Mr. Moussa Ndoye  Ministre Conseiller  
Ambassade Espagne  Diplomate  
Mme Aissatou Fall Ndoye Guèye  Ingénieur Aménagiste  Direction des Pêche Maritime  Ministère de la Pêche et de l’Economie Maritime  
Ms. Nogaye Nguirane  Aménagiste  Ministère du Tourisme  Gouvernement  
Mr. Mama Niang  Journaliste  RTS  Gouvernement  
Mr. Idy Niang  Chargé de Programme sur le Climat  Division régional environnement  Direction de l’Environnement et des Etablissements Classes  
Mr. Alioune Badara Sall  Assistant  Port Autonome  Gouvernement  
Mme Sokhna Bator Sall  Journaliste  secteur privé  Agence de presse sénégalaise  
Mme Aissatou Boubou Sall  Chef Unité Finance  Ministry of Environment  Centre de Suivi Ecologique  
Mr. Lamine Samake  Chercheur  Société Civile  IPAR  
Mr. Sécou Sarr  Coordinateur Enda Energie  Enda Tiers Monde  Société Civile  
M. Ousmane Fall Sarr  Directeur des Etudes  Energie  Agence Sénégalaise d’Electrification Rurale  
Mr. Diale Seck  Artiste Culturel  Culture  Société Civile  
  
Senegal (continued) 
Mr. Ndiawar Seck  artiste  culture  Société Civile  
Mr. Magueye Seck  Adjoint Maire  Ville de Pikine  Collectivité locale  
Mr. Magatte Kankou Sene  Cellule Communication  Communication  Ministère de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Mamadou alpha Sidibé  Director  Ministry of Urban  Government  
Mr. Mamadou Amadou Sow  directeur géneral  institut de pédologie  Ministère de l’Agriculture  
Mr. Samba Sow  Ingénieur Pédologue  Ministère de l’Agriculture et de l’Equipement Rural  Institut National de Pédologie  
Ms. Mariama Sy  Ambassadeur  Affaires Etrangères  Diplomate  
Mr. Mory Toure  Aménagiste  Ministère du Tourisme  Gouvernement  
Mr. El Wely Vadel  Directeur SOGEOH  OMVS  Secteur Privé  
Mr. Ibrahima Wade Diaw  Chargé de Communication  Ministère de l’environnement  Gouvernement  
Serbia 
H.E. Mr. Goran Trivan  Minister  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
H.E. Ms. Katarina Lalic Smajevic  Ambassador  
Embassy of the Republic of Serbia to the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Andrej Bojic  Chief of the Cabinet and Special Adviser to the Minister  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Dragana Radulovic  National Focal Point  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Slavica Gligorovic  Journalist  Radio Television of Serbia  
Ms. Marina Ilic  
Ms. Jasmina Karanac  
Ms. Djurdja Kovac  
Ms. Nataša Lalic  Advisor  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Nikola Maravic  Head of Division  Division for Bilateral and Regional Cooperation  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Katarina Milenkovic  
Ms. Ana Milutinovic Rancovic  
Ms. Ivana Nikolic  
Mr. Dusko Petosevic  
Mr. Zarko Petrovic  
Ms. Dusanka Seslija  
Mr. Martin Simovic  
Mr. Miroslav Tadic  Portfolio Manager, Climate Change  United Nations Development Programme  
Seychelles 
H.E. Mr. Wallace Keith Cosgrow  Minister  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  Government of Seychelles  
 
Mr. Will Agricole  Principal Secretary, UNFCCC National Focal Point  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Elissa Mary-Jane Lalande  Senior Policy Analyst for Climate Change  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Ronald Jumeau  Ambassador to the United Nations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. George Francis Uzice  AOSIS Coordinator for Technology Transfer  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Sophie Maria Alexia Morgan  Senior Policy Analyst  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Vincent Amelie  National CDM Coordinator  Seychelles Meteorological Authorithy  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Isabel Margaret Baudish  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Seth Daniel Blum  Climate Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Elizabeth Bromwell  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Robert Donald Malektoo Hanson Comeau  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
  
Seychelles (continued) 
Mr. Aiden Noah Andrew Cyr  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Courtney Ellen Durham  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Nicholas Paul Fitzpatrick  Youth Climate Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Andrea Anna Albertina Gadnert  Youth Climate Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Ana Fernanda Gonzalez Guerrero  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Thomas Joaquin Fritz Goreau  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Clara Ida Bartram Gurreso  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. MacKenzie Justin Jefferies  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Ethelberge Jeannette Larue  Director General Environment Education  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Robert Duncan McIntosh  Climate Change Consultant  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Marina Stavroula Melandis  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Anne Meredith Merwin  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Dakota Norris  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Angelique Louise Marie Pouponneau  AOSIS Fellows  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Kenneth Jacques Gervais Racombo  Principal Secretary  Blue Economy  Foreign Affairs and Blue Economy  
Mr. William Davis Sanderson  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Nayerah Abdelnabi Ali Ali Shaltout  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Dominique Souris  Climate Change Consultant, Student Researcher, University of Waterloo  Energy and Climate Change  Youth Arctic Coalition  
Ms. Tamara Thomas  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Jennifer Williams  Climate Change Consultant  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Sierra Leone 
H.E. Mr. Kabineh Mionama Kallon  Minister  Ministry of Transport and Aviation  Government of Sierra Leone  
Mr. Brima Sevalie Tavegutu Kebbie  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Transport and Aviation  Sierra Leone Government  
Mr. Gabriel Kpaka  Deputy Director General and UNFCCC National Focal Point  Sierra Leone Meteorological Agency  Ministry of Transport and Aviation  
H.E. Mr. Rex Bhonapha  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Lands, Housing and Environment  Government of Sierra Leone  
Mr. Foday M. Jaward  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Moses T. Baio  Director General  Administrative  Sierra Leone Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Edward Pieh Bendu  Principal Environment Officer  Ministry of Lands, Country Planning and the Environment  
Ms. Terhas Hagos  Consultant  Gender Affairs and Climate Change  Sierra Leone Embassy in Belgium  
Mr. Ahmed Kallon  Air Navigation Services Meteorological Officer  Sierra Leone Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Aiah Wurie Kembey  Regional Manager, South  Environmental Protection Agency  
  
Sierra Leone (continued) 
Mr. Sidikie Koroma  Internal Auditor  Sierra Leone Civil Aviation Authority  Ministry of Transport and Aviation  
Ms. Ramatu Baindu Mariam Massaquoi  Deputy Director  Natural Resources Management  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Sellu McCarthy  Assistant Director  Finance  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Saidu Saliu Salihoe  Deputy Director  Information Education and Communication  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Abdul Bakarr Salim  Deputy Director  Sierra Leone Environment Protection Agency  
Mr. Ibrahim Sannoh  Deputy Executive Director  Operations  Sierra Leone Road Safety Authority  
Mr. Ibrahim S.K Sesay  Finance Officer  Environmental Protection Agency  Government of Sierra Leone  
Mr. Ansumana Amadu Sheriff  Finance Manager  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Gbessay Ernest Swaray  Deputy Director of Budget  Ministry of Finance  
Singapore 
H.E. Mr. Masagos Zulkifili  Minister  Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources  
Mr. Choon Heng Joseph Teo  Chief Negotiator for Climate Change  Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources  
Mr. Ong Heng Yap  Senior Advisor  Ministry of Transport  
Ms. Danielle Yeow Ping Lin  Deputy Director- General  International Affairs Division  Attorney General’s Chambers  
Mr. Benedict Chia  Director  National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Huiying Pamela Lee  Director  National Climate Change Secretariat, Strategy Group  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Peter Mari Govindasamy  Dean Director  Trade Academy, Special Projects  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Bee Ling Poh  Director  Agritechnology and Food Innovation Department  Singapore Food Agency  
Mr. Cheah Sin Liang  Lead Coordinator for Climate Negotiations, Deputy Director  International Policy, National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Chee Heong Loh  Deputy Director  International Organisations Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Su Hsing Loh  Press Secretary  Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources  
Ms. Mary-Anne Lu-Yin Pan  Deputy Director  Climate Change Negotiation, Climate Change Negotiation Office  Ministry of Environment and Water Resources  
Ms. Rohaya Saharom  Deputy Director  Carbon Pricing - Collection, GHG, Sustainability, Resources 
Conservation Department  National Environment Agency  
Ms. Lee Choon Phua  Deputy Director  Environmental Protection Policy  Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources  
Mr. Hassan Bin Ibrahim  Deputy Director  International Biodiversity Conservation Division, Professional Development and Services Cluster  National Parks Board  
Mr. Weng Hwee, Lawrence Ong  Deputy Director  Climate Change Section, International Relations and Security Division  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Lek Kong Wan  Senior Assistant Director  Carbon Pricing- Collection, GHG, Sustainability, Resources Conservation Department  National Environment Agency  
Mr. Muslim Anshari Rahman  Assistant Director  International Policy, National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Kang Xiong Chee  Assistant Director  Communications and 3P Partnership  Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources  
Mr. Khong Zi-Xie  Assistant Director  Policy and Strategy, Foreign Economic Policy Division  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Wen Lin Loy  Assistant Director  Energy Division  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Su-Yun Allison Phua  State Counsel  International Affairs Divison  Attorney General’s Chambers  
  
Singapore (continued) 
Ms. Xinling, Mary Elisabeth Chong  State Counsel  International Affairs Divison  Attorney General’s Chambers  
Mr. Yong Kian Sherman Tan  Desk Officer  International Organisations Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Alyssa Ng Shu Hui  Assistant Manager  International Policy, National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Wen Lin Diane Peng  Assistant Manager  Carbon Pricing - Collection, GHG, Sustainability, Resource Conversation Department  National Environment Agency  
Mr. Rui Yun Gan  Senior Executive  Economic Research  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Yong An Jasper Quek  Senior Executive  Climate Change Negotiation, Climate Change Negotiation Office  Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources  
Mr. Muhammad Syakir Bin Kamal  Senior Executive  Energy and Climate Policy  Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources  
Mr. Aidil Fitri Bin Abu  Personal Security Officer to Minister Masagos  Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources  
Mr. Abdul Rasid Bin Mohd  Personal Security Officer to Minister Masagos  
Slovakia 
H.E. Mr. Peter Pellegrini  Prime Minister  
Government of the Slovak Republic  
H.E. Mr. László Sólymos  Deputy Prime Minister  Ministry of the Environment  
H.E. Mr. Jaroslav Blasko  Ambassador  Embassy of Slovakia to Spain  
Mr. Norbert Kurilla  State Secretary  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Gabriela Fischerova  Director General  Directorate for Climate Change and Air Protection  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Jozef Skultety  Director  Department of Climate Change Policy  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Milan Chrenko  Director General  Directorate for Environmental Policy, EU Affairs and International Relations  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Lubica Kovacova  Director General  Cabinet of the Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Peter Kmec  Advisor to Prime Minister  Government Office of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Martin Sperka  First Secretary  Embassy of Slovakia to Spain  
Ms. Denisa Durisova  Director  Protocol Department  Government Office of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Jana Sobotová  Principal State Advisor  Department of EU Affairs  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Angelika Tamasova  Principal State Advisor  Department of Climate Change Policy  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Michaela Zelmanova  Principal State Advisor  Department of Climate Change Policy  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Igor Veres  Principal State Counselor  Directorate for Climate Change and Air Pollution  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Katarina Forgacova  Principal State Advisor  Financial Instruments and International Institutions Unit  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Miriam Cengelová  First Secretary  Embassy of Slovakia to Spain  
Ms. Janka Szemesova  Head  Department of Emissions and Biofuels  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Ms. Kristína Tonhauzer  Environmentalist/Agricultural expert  Department of Emissions and Biofuels  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Ms. Lenka Zetochova  Expert  Department of Emissions and Biofuels  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Mr. Jozef Pecho  Specialist in Meteorology and Climatology  Climatological Service  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Mr. Pavel Stastny  Senior Researcher  Climatological Service  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
  
Slovakia (continued) 
Mr. Jan Horvath  Expert  Department of Emissions and Biofuels  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Mr. Ladislav Markovic  Specialist in Meteorology and Climatology  Climatological Service  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Mr. Peter Kajaba  Specialist in Meteorology and Climatology  Climatological Service  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Ms. Anna Kostura Mikulikova  Protocol Department  Government Office of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Lenka Kebiskova  Embassy´s staff  Embassy of Slovakia to Spain  
Ms. Patricia Macikova  Spokesperson  Press Department  Government Office of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Filip Adamec  Government Office of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Lubos Bilacic  Government Office of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Zuzana Kristofovicova  Government Office of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Carlos Mendez Nunez  Embassy´s staff  Embassy of Slovakia to Spain  
Mr. Ivan Lesay  Chief Executive Officer  Slovak Investment Holding  
Slovenia 
H.E. Mr. Simon Zajc  Minister  Ministry of Environment and 
Spatial Planning of the Republic of Slovenia  
Ms. Eva Cernigoj  Undersecretary  Minister’s office  Ministry of Environment and Spatial Planning of the Republic of Slovenia  
H.E. Ms. Renata Cvelbar Bek  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Slovenia in Madrid  
Ms. Maja Cestnik  Head of Public Relations Office  Public Relations Office  Ministry of Environment and Spatial Planning  
Ms. Tina Grgantov  Counsellor  Embassy of the Republic of Slovenia in Madrid  
Ms. Andreja Kerševan Draksler  Third secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Slovenia in Madrid  
Mr. Andrej Kranjc  Adviser  Ministry of Environment and Spatial Planning of the Republic of Slovenia  
Ms. Katja Piškur  Head of Department for EU Coordination and International Affairs  Department for EU Coordination and International Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Spatial Planning  
Ms. Andreja Potocnik  Head of Minister’s Office  Ministry of Environment and Spatial Planning of the Republic of Slovenia  
Ms. Maja Smid  First Counsellor  Department for Emerging Challanges and Threats  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Slovenia  
Mr. Luka Vombek  Adviser  Department of EU Coordination and International Affairs  Ministry of Environment and 
Spatial Planning of the Republic of Slovenia  
Solomon Islands 
Mr. Melchior Mataki  Assistant Minister  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Mr. Chanel Iroi  Undersecretary  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Mr. Michael Tapaholoiesi Ho’ota  Undersecretary  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Ms. Elisabeth Ann Holland  University of the South Pacific  
Ms. Melissa Horokou  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Mr. Hudson Ata Kauhiona  Director Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Mr. John Isidoro Korinihona  Director Energy  Ministry of Mines, Energy and Rural Electrification  
Mr. Paul Damien Roughan  
Mr. Stephen Justen Simon  
Mr. Thaddeus Atkin Siota  Principal Climate Change Officer  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Mr. Exsley Taloiburi  Climate Change Finance Advisor  Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat  
Ms. Jolina Oloratovo Tausinga  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and External Trade  
Mr. Terence Titiulu  Deputy Commissioner  Ministry of Forests and Research  
  
Solomon Islands (continued) 
Ms. Linda Flora Vaike  Pacific Centre for Environment & Sustainable Development  University of the South Pacific  
Mr. Solomon Hong Yeo  
Somalia 
Mr. Ali Abdalh Warsame  Former Minister  
Ms. Miski Kulan  Technical Advisor  
Mr. Ahmed Yusuf Ahmed  Director General  Environment and Climate Changes  Office of the Prime Minister  
South Africa 
H.E. Ms. Barbara D. Creecy  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Maesela John Kekana  Chief Director International Climate Change Relations and Negotiations  Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry  
Mr. Zaheer Fakir  Chief Director  International Governance  Department of Environmental Affairs  
Ms. Pemy Nosibusiso Gasela  Director  International Climate Change Relations and Negotiations  Department of Environmental Affairs  
Mr. Mkhuthazi Steleki  Director Climate Change Development and International Mechanisms  Department of Environment, Forestry and Fisheries  
Ms. Sandra Boitumelo Motshwanedi  Deputy Director of Climate Change Monitoring and Evaluation  
Department of Environmental Affairs  
Mr. Itchell Sandy Guiney  Deputy Director  International Climate Change Relations and Negotiations  Department of Environmental Affairs  
Ms. Funanani Muremi  Deputy Director of International Climate Change  Environmental Affairs  Department of Environmental Affairs  
Mr. Matiga Isaiah Motsepe  Deputy Director  Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry  
Mr. Andile Churchill Mkwalo  Deputy Director Forestry  Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Simon Andrew Cardy  Director Climate Change  Department of International Relations and Cooperation  
Mr. Cornelius Van Niekerk Scholtz  State Law Advisor  Department of International Relations and Cooperation  
Mr. Mvuyo Mhangwane  Deputy Director, Climate Change  Department of International Relations and Cooperation  
Mr. Jacobus Schoeman  Department of International Relation and Cooperation  
Mr. Riaan Aucamp  Department of Environmental Affairs  
Mr. Andrew Marquard  Professor  Energy Research Centre  University of Cape Town  
Ms. Marilyn Rambharos  Manager  Eskom International  
Mr. Richard Sherman  Analyst  Department of Environmental Affairs  
Mr. Stuart James Mangold  Director  Department of Environmental Affairs  
Ms. Sandisile Yvette Mkhonza  Youth Representative  Environmental Affairs  
Ms. Ditebogo Caroline Lebea  Youth Representative  
Ms. Tyler Jessica Booth  Youth Representative  
Mr. Boyd Alan John  
Mr. Harald Ernst Winkler  Energy Research Centre  University of Cape Town  
Ms. Cedric Thomas Frolick  Member of Parliament  
Ms. Hannah Shameema Winkler  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Nazier Mogamad Paulsen  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Fikile Devilliers Xasa  
Mr. Phillip Matsapole Pogiso Modise  Member of Parliament  
Ms. Tebogo Constance Modise  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Scotney Watts  Specialist Researcher  Research Unit, Knowledge and Info Services  Parliament of South Africa  
Mr. Archibold Jomo Nyambi  Member of Parliament  South African National Parliament  
Mr. Sibusiso Angelus Michael Dlamini  Department of International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Loyiso Wellington Mkwana  DDG, NRM  Gauteng Department of Agriculture and Rural Development  Gauteng Provincial Government  
Ms. Audrey Winifred Morakane Mosupyoe  MEC  Gauteng Department of Agriculture and Rural Development  
South Africa (continued) 
Mr. Siphosihle Emanuel Hlomuka  MEC  Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs KZN  
Mr. Sibusiso Jama  Assistant Director, Multilateral Organizations  Department of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Seneo Judith Madikiza  Assistant Director  Department of Agriculture  
Ms. Thenjiwe Ethel Mtintso  Ambassador  Embassy of South Africa in Spain  
Mr. Phillip Pengu Mtsweni  Department of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Ernesta Swanepoel  International Environmental Law Specialist  
Mr. Sihle Zikalala  Premier  Economic Development, Tourism and Environmental Affairs KwaZulu Natal  
South Sudan 
Mr. Joseph Africano Bartel  Undersecretary  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. John Payai Manyok  Deputy Director for Climate Change and UNFCCC National Focal Point for South Sudan  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Gatwech Peter Kulang  Undersecretary  Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management  
Mr. Lutana Musa Lasu  Director General of Climate Change and Meterology  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. David Batali Oliver Samson  Director General of Planning and Sustainable Development and GEF Operational Focal Point  
Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Banak Joshua Dei Wal  Director General of Disaster Management  Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management  
Ms. Betty Kitta Scopas Dumo  Director of Early Warning System  Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management  
Mr. Robert Vicent Odhiambo Ondhowe  Consultant  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Spain 
S.E. Sr. Pedro Sanchez  President  Presidencia del Gobierno  
S.E. Sra. Maria del Carmen Calvo Poyato  Vicepresidenta del Gobierno y Ministra de la Presidencia Relaciones con las Cortes e Igualdad  Ministerio de la Presidencia del Gobierno  
S.E. Sra. Teresa Ribera  Minister of Environment  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
S.E. Sra. Dolores Damiana Delgado García  Ministra  Ministerio de Justicia  
S.E. Sra. María Margarita Robles Fernández  Ministra  Ministerio de Defensa  
S.E. Sr. Fernando Grande-Marlaska Gómez  Ministro  Ministerio del Interior  
S.E. Sr. José Luis Abalos Meco  Ministro  Ministerio de Fomento  
S.E. Sra. María Isabel Celaá Diéguez  Ministra  
Ministerio de Educación y Formación Profesional  
S.E. Sra. Magdalena Valerio Cordero  Ministra  Ministerio de Trabajo, Migraciones y Seguridad Social  
S.E. Sra. María Reyes Maroto Illera  Ministra  Ministerio de Industria, Comercio y Turismo  
S.E. Sr. Luis Planas Puchades  Ministro  Ministerio de Agricultura, Pesca y Alimentación  
S.E. Sra. Nadia María Calviño Santamaría  Ministra  Ministerio de Economía y Empresa  
S.E. Sra. Maria Luisa Carcedo Roces  Ministra  Ministerio de Sanidad, Consumo y Bienestar Social  
S.E. Sr. Pedro Duque Duque  Ministro  Ministerio de Ciencia, Innovación y Universidades  
Sr. Hugo Alfonso Morán Fernández  Secretario de Estado de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. José Domínguez Abascal  Secretario de Estado  Secretaría de Estado de Energía  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Valvanera Ulargui Aparicio  Directora General  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
  
Spain (continued) 
Sra. Teresa Solana Méndez de Vigo  Vocal Asesora, Coordinadora de la División Internacional  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Iván Redondo Bacaicoa  Director de Gabinete de la Presidencia del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Miguel Ángel Oliver Fernández  Secretario de Estado de Comunicación  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Fernando Martín Valenzuela Marzo  Secretario de Estado de Asuntos Exteriores  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Luis Marco Aguiriano Nalda  Secretario de Estado para la Unión Europea  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Juan Pablo de la Iglesia González de Peredo  Secretario de Estado de Cooperación Internacional y para Iberoamérifca y el Caribe  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sra. Irene Lozano Domingo  Secretaria de Estado de la España Global  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Pedro Saura García  Secretario de Estado de Infraestructuras, Transporte y Vivienda  Ministerio de Fomento  
Sr. Alejandro Tiana Ferrer  Secretario de Estado de Educación y Formación Profesional  Ministerio de Educacion, Cultura y Deporte  
Sra. María del Consuelo Rumí Ibáñez  
Secretaria de Estado de Migraciones  Ministerio de Trabajo, Migraciones y Seguridad Social  
Sra. Yolanda Valdeolivas García  Secretaria de Estado de Empleo  Ministerio de Trabajo, Migraciones y Seguridad Social  
Sra. Xiana Margarida Méndez Bertolo  Secretaria de Estado de Comercio  Ministerio de Industria, Comercio y Turismo  
Sra. Isabel María Oliver Sagreras  Secretaria de Estado de Turismo  Ministerio de Industria, Comercio y Turismo  
Sr. José Antonio Montilla Martos  Secretario de Estado de Relaciones con las Cortes  Ministerio de la Presidencia, Relaciones con las Cortes e Igualdad  
Sra. María Soledad Murillo de la Vega  Secretaria de Estado de Igualdad  Ministerio de la Presidencia, Relaciones con las Cortes e Igualdad  
Sra. Ana de la Cueva Fernández  Secretaria de Estado de  Economía y Apoyo a la Empresa  Ministerio de Economía y Empresa  
Sra. Ángeles María Heras Caballero  Secretaria de Estado de Universidades, Investigación, Desarrollo e Innovación  Ministerio de Ciencia, Innovación y Universidades  
Sra. Andrea Gavela Llopis  Directora Adjunta del Gabinete de la Presidencia del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Félix Bolaños García  Secretario General de la Presidencia del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Jose Manuel Albares Bueno  Secretario General de Asuntos Internacionales, Unión Europea, G20 y Seguridad Global  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Cristina Gallach Figueras  Alta Comisionada para la Agenda 2030  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Ángeles Moreno Bau  Subsecretaria de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sra. Helena Beunza Ibáñez  Secretaria General de Vivienda  Ministerio de Fomento  
Sra. María José Rallo Del Olmo  Secretaria General de Transporte  Ministerio de Fomento  
Sr. Raul Riesco Roche  Subsecretario  Ministerio de Trabajo, Migraciones y Seguridad Social  
Sr. Agustín Torres Herrero  Secretario General de Inmigración y Emigración  Ministerio de Trabajo, Migraciones y Seguridad Social  
Sra. María Dolores Ocaña Madrid  Subsecretaria  Ministerio de Agricultura, Pesca y Alimentación  
Sr. Fernando Miranda Sotillos  Secretario General de Agricultura y Alimentación  Ministerio de Agricultura, Pesca y Alimentación  
Sra. Juana María Lázaro Ruíz  Subsecretaria para la Transición Ecológica  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Amparo López Senovilla  Subsecretaria  Ministerio de Economía y Empresa  
Sr. Carlos Jose San Basilio Pardo  Secretario General del Tesoro y Financiación Internacional  Ministerio de Economía y Empresa  
Sr. Faustino Blanco González  Secretario General de Sanidad y Consumo  Ministerio de Sanidad, Consumo y Bienestar Social  
  
Spain (continued) 
Sr. Pablo Martín González  Subsecretario de Ciencia, Innovación y Universidades  Ministerio de Ciencia, Innovación y Universidades  
Sr. José Manuel Pingarrón Carrazón  Secretario General de Universidades  Ministerio de Ciencia, Innovación y Universidades  
Sr. Rafael Rodrigo Montero  Secretario General de Coordinación de Política Científica  Ministerio de Ciencia, Innovación y Universidades  
Sra. Hilda Jiménez Núñez  Vicesecretaria General de la Presidencia del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Agustín Santos Maraver  Embajador Representante Permanente de España ante las Naciones Unidas  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sra. María Victoria González Román  Embajadora en Misión Especial para los ODS  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Miguel Ángel Ballesteros Martín  Director del Departamento de Seguridad Nacional  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Manuel De la Rocha Vázquez  Director del Departamento de Asuntos Económicos de la Presidencia del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Jorge Mijangos Blanco  Director del Departamento de Protocolo de la Presidencia del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Victorio Redondo Baldrich  Director del Departamento de Asuntos Internacionales y Seguridad Global  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Marcos Gómez Martínez  Director General de Naciones Unidas y Derechos Humanos  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Gabriel Cristobal Ferrero y de Loma-Osorio  Director General de Políticas de Desarrollo Sostenible  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sra. Adela Díaz Bernárdez  Directora de la Oficina de Derechos Humanos  Oficina de Derechos Humanos  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Joaquin Maria de Aristegui Laborde  Director General Oficina España Global  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sra. Caridad Batalla Junco  Introductora de Embajadores  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sra. Ana María Calvo Sastre  Agencia Española de Cooperación Internacional para el Desarrollo  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sra. Cristina Díaz Fernández-Gil  Directora de Cooperación con África y Asia  Agencia Española de Cooperación Internacional para el Desarrollo  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sra. Carmen Castiella Ruiz de Velasco  Directora de Cooperación con América Latina y El Caribe  Agencia Española de Cooperación Internacional para el Desarrollo  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Federico Buyolo García  Director General  Alto Comisionado Agenda 2030  Ministerio de la Presidencia, Relaciones con las Cortes e Igualdad  
Sr. Francisco Javier Cachón De Mesa  
Director General  Dirección General de Biodiversidad y Calidad Ambiental  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Ana María Oñoro Valenciano  Directora General  Dirección General de Sostenibilidad de la Costa y del Mar  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Maria Jesús Martin Martinez  Directora General  Dirección General de Política Energética y Minas  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Juan José Areces Maqueda  Director  Organismo Autónomo de Parques Nacionales  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Miguel Ángel López González  Presidente de la Agencia Estatal de Meteorología  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Joan Groizard Payeras  Director General de Energías Renovables  Instituto para la Diversificación y el Ahorro de Energía  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Camilo Villarino Marzo  Director de Gabinete del Ministro  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Álvaro Abril Aparicio  Director de Gabinete de la Ministra para la Transición Ecológica  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Ismael Aznar Cano  Director de Gabinete del Secretario de Estado de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
  
Spain (continued) 
Sr. Cesar Álvarez Alonso  Director de Gabinete del Secretario de Estado de Energía  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Raquel González Redondo  Directora de Gabinete de la Secretaria de Estado de Comunicación  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. María Catalina Arévalo Martínez  Jefa de Prensa  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. María del Coriseo González-Izquierdo Revilla  Unidad de Apoyo COP25  
Sra. María Jesús Rodríguez De Sancho  Ministerio de Fomento  
Sra. Alicia Montalvo Santamaría  Unidad de Apoyo COP25  
Sr. Ignacio Ángel Sánchez García  Subdirector General de Comercio de Emisiones y Mecanismos de Flexibilidad  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Eduardo González Fernández  Subdirector General de Coordinación de Acciones frente al Cambio Climático  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. José Javier Gutiérrez Blanco-Navarrete  Subdirector General de Organismos Internacionales Técnicos  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, Unión Europea y Cooperación  
Sr. Pablo Saavedra Inaraja  Consejero de Agricultura, Alimentación y Medio Ambiente  Misión Permanente de España ante las Naciones Unidas  
Sra. Helena Fabra Cadenas  Experta en Aspectos Legales  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Francisco Jorge Heras Hernández  Experto en Impactos, Vulnerabilidad y Adaptación  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Alfredo Sánchez Vicente  Experto en Mercados de Carbono  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Alfonso Pino Maeso  Experto en Impactos, Vulnerabilidad y Adaptación  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Vera Estefanía González  Experta en Aspectos Socioeconómicos  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Cristina García Díaz  Experta en Usos del Suelo y Cambio Climático  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Susana Castro-Acuña Baixauli  Experta en Financiación  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Ana Pintó Fernández  Experta en Cooperación y Cambio Climático  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Rebeca Sáinz Mantecón  Experta en Movilización Acción Climática  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Marta Hernández de la Cruz  Experta en Mitigación  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Arantzazu Mojarrieta Sanz  Experta en Mercados de Carbono  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Nuria Sanz Alonso  Experta en Transparencia  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Teresa Solozábal Gallego  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Irene Vergara Cristóbal  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. María Salazar Guerra  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Iván Martínez Castro  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Mónica Sánchez Bajo  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
  
Spain (continued) 
Sra. Rosa María Míguez Durán  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Victoria Ojeda De la Torre  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Sara Aagesen Muñoz  Asesora  Gabinete de la Ministra  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Laura Martín Murillo  Asesora  Gabinete de la Ministra  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Antxon Olabe Egaña  Asesor  Gabinete de la Ministra  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Lucía Velasco Jones  Asesora  Gabinete de la Ministra  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Elisa Rivera Mendoza  Asesora  Gabinete de la Ministra  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Julio César Prieto Contreras  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. María Sánchez-Cañete Molina  Asesora  Gabinete de la Ministra  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Juan Miguel López Rubio  Gabinete de Comunicación  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Araceli Acosta de Lugo  Gabinete de Comunicación  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Sergio Fernández Ramos  Comunicación  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Rocío Viñas Tormo  España Exportación e Inversiones  Ministerio de Industria, Comercio y Turismo  
Sra. Silvia Barraclough  España Exportación e Inversiones  Ministerio de Industria, Comercio y Turismo  
Sra. María Begoña Echevarría Raquejo  España Exportación e Inversiones  Ministerio de Industria, Comercio y Turismo  
Sr. David Muñoz Portillo  España Exportación e Inversiones  Ministerio de Industria, Comercio y Turismo  
Sra. María Pilar Paloma Peláez Sanz  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. María Mercedes Marabini Martínez de Lejarza  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. María del Pilar Villaseñor Navas  Jefa de protocolo  Vicepresidencia del Gobierno  Ministerio de la Presidencia, Relaciones con las Cortes e Igualdad  
Sr. Miguel Ángel Marfull Robledo  Asesor del Gabinete de la Presidencia del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Miguel Aymerich Huyghues-Despointes  Subdirector General de Biodiversidad y Medio Natural  Dirección General de Biodiversidad y Calidad Ambiental  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Maj-Britt Larka Abellán  Subdirectora General de Calidad del Aire y Medio Ambiente Industrial  Dirección General de 
Biodiversidad y Calidad Ambiental  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Margarita Ruíz Sáiz-Aja  Subdirectora General de Residuos  Dirección General de Biodiversidad y Calidad Ambiental  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Víctor Manuel Arqued Esquía  Subdirector General de Planificación y Uso Sostenible del Agua  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Jesus Ferrero Soler  Subdirector General de Energías Renovables y Estudios  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Manuel García Hernández  Subdirector General de Energía Eléctrica  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Itziar Martín Partida  Subdirectora General  Subdirección General para la Protección del Mar  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Carlos Muñoz Bellido  Subdirector General de Programación Económica  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Ainhoa Pérez Puyol  Subdirectora General  Subdirección General de Dominio Público Marítimo-Terrestre  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Daniel Sanz Jiménez  Subdirector General de Infraestructuras y Tecnología  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
  
Spain (continued) 
Sra. Maria Teresa Velasco Rincón  Subdirectora General de Eficiencia Energética  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Ernesto Rodríguez Camino  Agencia Estatal de Meteorología  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Mónica Moraleda Altares  Centro Nacional de Educación Ambiental  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Cristina Gómez Benedí  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. María Lorena Prado Orcoyen  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Guillermo Martínez López  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Javier González Sánchez  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Ramón López Pérez  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Luis Andrés Ponz Charre  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Ascensión Ramírez Sobrino  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Ivana Orejuela Galiot  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  
Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Paula Andrés González  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Manuel Sanz Abanades  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sr. Raúl Blanco Díaz  Secretario General de Industria y de la Pequeña y Mediana Empresa  Ministerio de Industria, Comercio y Turismo  
Sr. Manuel Menéndez Prieto  Director General del Agua  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica  
Sra. Susana Reverter Vázquez  Directora General de Comunicación  Secretaría de Estado de Comunicación  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Juan de Ávila González Moyano  
Sri Lanka 
Mr. Dissabandara Sunimal Jayathunga  Director  Climate Change Secretariat  Ministry of Mahaweli Development and Environment  
Ms. Hasanthi Dissanayake  Director General (ocean Affairs, Environment And Climate Change)  Ministry of Foreign Relations  
Mr. Buddhisrilal Bandara Marambe  Professor, Faculty of Agriculture  University of Peradeniya  
Ms. Vositha Vedhani Wijenayake  Executive Director  SLYCAN Trust  
Mr. Buddika Hemashantha Hettiachchi Mudiyanselage  
State of Palestine 
H.E. Mr. Riad Malki  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Adalah Atteereh  Minister, Chairman  
Mr. Ammar Hijazi  Minister Assistant for Multilateral Affairs  Directorate of Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates  
Mr. Hazem Shabat  Ambassador of State of Palestine to Kenya  Embassy of State of Palestine to Kenya  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates  
H.E. Mr. Musa A. O. Odeh  Ambassador  Diplomatic Mission of Palestine in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Nedal Katbehbader  Minister Advisor for Climate Change  Office of the Minister  Environment Quality Authority  
Mr. Arrab Abdoh  Diplomat  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Belal Fannoun  Diplomat  Directorate of Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates  
Mr. Ayoub Ayoub  Diplomat  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Kahramana Zeidalkelani  Director of Proposal Writing Department  Environmental Quality Authority  
Mr. Vicente Paolo III Yu  Advisor  
  
State of Palestine (continued) 
Ms. Shrehan Khaled Nemer Abughaush  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Carlos Ivan Zambraba Flores  
Sudan 
H.E. Mr. Eisa Osman Sharief  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources  
Mr. Nagmeldin Goutbi Elhassan Mahmoud  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Hamdan Wadi Dldoom Ebeidalla  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. MohamedAhmed Eltayeb MohamedAhmed  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Balgis Mohamedelhassan Osman Elasha  
Mr. Fathelrahman Abdalla Ahmed Elgadi  
Ms. Sawsan Abdalla Ali Obeid Alla  Forests Inventory and Reservation  Forests National Corporation  
Ms. Hanan Abdalla Mutwakil Abdalla  UNDP  
Ms. Rehab Abdelmageed Osman MohamedAli  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Israa Abdelrahiem Mohamed Bakhiet  Diplomatic Mission of Sudan in Spain  
Ms. Ikhlass Abdelrahim Nimer Mohamedsalih  Journalist  
Ms. Nada Abdelrahman Abdalla Jotar  The National Center for Peace and Development  
Mr. Alaaeldein Abdelrahman Yousif Abdallh  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Nouralla Yassin Ahmed Bakhiet  UNDP  
Mr. Bushra Hamid Ahmed Bashier  The Higher Council for Environment, Urban and Rural Promotion, Khartoum State  
Mr. Tarig Hamadnalla Ahmed Hamadnalla  
Ms. Rehab Ahmed Hassan Ahmed  Inventory and Mitigation Team Leader  Climate Change Unit  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Widad Ahmed Mohamed Ali  
Ms. Amna Ahmed Mohammed Bashir  National Council for the Environment  
Ms. Dalia Mohammed Ahmed Yagoub  Sudanese Environment Conservation Society  
Mr. Imad Eldin Ahmed Ali Babiker  Professor  Agricultural Research Corporation  
Mr. Abubakr Alsiddig MohammedSalih  
Mr. Mohamed Atta Almanan Alsulehaby  Architecture  Technology Transfer  
Mr. Abdalla Awad Mohamed Bashir  Higher Council of Environment, Urban and Rural Promotion  
Ms. Hanadi Awadalla Abdelrasoul Awadalla  Extension Department - Biomass Energy Conservation  Forests National Corporation  
Ms. Rasha Abdelmoniem Babiker Yousif  Coordinater of Climate Change  Higher Council for Environment Urban and Rural Promotion  
Ms. Ghada Hussein Elawad Hassan  
Mr. Ismail Abdelrahim Elgizouli Idris  
Ms. Dalal Elhaj Ebrahim Mohammed  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Elderderi Elmahadi Omer  Pastoralism Society  
Ms. Eiman Elrashid Eltayeb Diab  Sudanese Environment Conservation Society  
Ms. Salwa Elsunni Abdulla Marrouf  Forest National Corporation  
Ms. Lina Hussein Eltayb Yassin  Climate Tracker  
Mr. Yousif Eltayeb Elnour Hamid  Darfur Development and Reconstruction Agency  
Mr. Mohamed Fathelrhman Abdalla Ahmed  
Mr. Osama Fathelrhman Abdalla Ahmed  Child Development Foundation  
Mr. Mohammed Gafar Idris Nabag  Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Wealth and Irrigation  
Ms. Lina Adil Haider Ahmed  Impact Hub Khartoum  
Ms. Hana Hamadalla  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Muawia Hamid Ibrahim Shaddad  University of Khartoum  
Ms. Rashda Hassan Dafalla Modawi  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Eltigani Elshaikh Hassan Elasam  
Mr. Khalid Hassan Elnaiem Ibrahim  Diplomatic Mission of Sudan in Spain  
  
Sudan (continued) 
Ms. Nisreen Abdelrahman Hassan Elsaim  Sudan Youth Organization on Climate Change  
Ms. Donia Hassan Khalafalla Rahamtalla  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Ms. Razaz Ibrahim Mohamed Ibrahim  The Higher Council for Environment, Urban and Rural Promotion, Khartoum State  
Ms. Egbal Ibrahim Saad Salih  The Higher Council for Environment, Urban and Rural Promotion, Khartoum State  
Mr. Essameldin Ibrahim Warrag Mohamed  University of Khartoum, Faculty of Forests  
Ms. Sawsan Khair Elsied Abdelrahim Mustafa  Range and Pasture General Directorate Ministry of Livestock Fisheries and Rangelands  
Ms. Hagir Mahagoub Elnasri Mohammed  University of Khartoum  
Ms. Nagla Mahgoub Hamadain Jebory  Forest National Corporation  
Ms. Muna Mahjoub Mohamed Ahmed  University of Khartoum  
Mr. Abdalla Mirgani Eltayeb Elamin  Faculty of Forests  University of Khartoum  
Mr. Ali Mohamed Ali Mahmoud  Sudanese Environment Conservation Society  
Ms. Sawsan Mohamedelhassan Elamin Sanhory  National Energy Research Center  
Mr. Mohamed Omer Abdelrahman Mahmoud Elgindi  
Ms. Somaya Omer Magzoub Abdoun  Director of Environment 
Directorate  Forest National Corporation  
Mr. Mohammed Salih Abrhim Abdallh  Sudan Youth Organization on Climate Change  
Mr. Abdelrahim Salih Fedail Mohamed  SOS Sahel Sudan  
Ms. Zeinab Salih Mohammed Mohammdein  Sudan ACE Focal Point  Environmental Awareness  National Council for the Environment  
Ms. Duha Sirelkhatim Ahmed  Ariab Mining Company  
Mr. Mohamed Yousif Mabrouk Ali  Sudanese Environment Conservation Society  
Ms. Sumaya Ahmed Zakieldeen Hamdan  Associate Professor  Institute of Environmental Studies  University of Khartoum  
Suriname 
H.E. Mr. Sergio Akiemboto  Minister for Natural Resources 
H.E. Ms. Kitty Monique Sweeb  Ambassador at the Permanent Mission of Suriname to the UN  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government  
Ms. Ivette Sugilda Claudette Patterzon  Senior Legal and Policy Advisor  Department of Environmental Coordination  Cabinet of the President  
Ms. Charlene Sanches  Environmental Policy Officer  Coordination Environment  Cabinet of the President of the Republic Suriname  
Ms. Wendy van Klaveren  Coordination Environment  Cabinet of the President  
Ms. Sharoma Ramawadh  Junior Environmental Policy Advisor  
Coordination Environment  Cabinet of the President  
Mr. Cedric Nelom  Acting Director  National Institute for Environment and Development in Suriname  
Mr. Sieuwnath Naipal  Professor  Hydrology and Climate  University of Suriname  
Mr. Jason Funk  Technical Expert  Coordination Environment  Cabinet of the President of the Republic Suriname  
Sweden 
H.E. Ms. Isabella Lövin  Deputy Prime Minister  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
H.E. Mr. Peter Eriksson  Minister for International Development Cooperation  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Mattias Frumerie  Director  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Christoffer Nelson  Head of Section  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Alev Pinar Akbas Nybladh  Advisor  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Jonas Allerup  Climate Analyst  Climate Department  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Katja Awiti  Deputy Director-General  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
  
Sweden (continued) 
Mr. Ludwig Bengtsson Sonesson  Youth Delegate  Louisiana State University  
Ms. Sara Berggren  Climate policy adviser  Climate Department  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Björn Boström  Climate Analyst  Climate Department  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Annika Christell  Senior Adviser  Policy Development Department  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Mattias Broman  Deputy Director  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Marlene Burwick  Member of Parliament  Committee on Environment and Agriculture  Swedish Parliament  
Ms. Maria Cramér  Minister Counsellor  Embassy of Sweden in Madrid  
Mr. Robert Englund  Press Secretary  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Kajsa Fernström Nåtby  Senior Scientific Officer  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Moa Forstorp  Policy Adviser  International Climate Cooperations  Swedish Energy Agency  
Ms. Erica Grankvist  Coordinator  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Jacob Hagberg  Senior Scientific Officer  Division for Natural Environment  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Annica Hjerling  Political Advisor  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Kristian Holmberg  Programme Manager  Unit for International Climate Initiatives  Swedish Energy Agency  
Ms. Helené Holstein  Deputy Director General  Ministry of Enterprise and Innovation  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Viktoria Ingman  Senior Advisor  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Johan Lundberg  Deputy Director  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Jakob Lundgren  Press Secretary  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Louise Meijer  Member of Parliament, Second Deputy Chair  Committee on Environment and Agriculture  Swedish Parliament  
Mr. Jens Persson  Communications Officer  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Jörgen Pettersson  Environmental Economist  Policy and Analysis Division  Swedish Forest Agency  
Ms. Sofia Rantatalo  Desk Officer  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Isabel Sarenmalm  Head of Section  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Maria Smith Cato  Advisor  Policy Development Department  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Teppo Tauriainen  Ambassador  Embassy of Sweden  
Mr. Martin Vogel  Programme manager  Unit for International Climate Initiatives  Swedish Energy Agency  
Mr. Jan Warnback  Policy Specialist  Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency  
Ms. Helen Agren  Ambassador for the Ocean  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Kristina Akesson  Senior Advisor  Ministry of Finance  Government Offices of Sweden  
Switzerland 
H.E. Mr. Marc Chardonnens  State Secretary  Federal Office for the Environment  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  
H.E. Mr. Franz Perrez  Ambassador  Federal Office for the Environment  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  
Ms. Lydie-Line Calypso Paroz  Senior Policy Adviser  Federal Office for the Environment  Federal Department of Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  
Mr. Keith Anderson  Senior Policy Advisor  Federal Office for the Environment  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  
Mr. Philippe Brunet  Federal Department of Foreign Affairs  
  
Switzerland (continued) 
Mr. Simon Fellermeyer  Federal Office for the Environment  Federal Department of Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  
Mr. Patrick Hofstetter  Advisor Climate and Energy  World Wildlife Fund  
Mr. Markus Nauser  Advisor  
Mme Marie-Claire Stefanie Graf  
Mr. Philipp Ischer  Senior Advisor  Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research  State Secretariat for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Gunthard Niederbäumer  Advisor  
Mr. Stefan Ruchti  Head International Environment Affairs  Sectoral Foreign Policies Division  Federal Department of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Henrique Schneider  Chief Economist  Swiss Federation of Small and Medium Enterprises  
Mr. Stefan Schwager  Principal Advisor Climate Finance  Federal Office for the Environment  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  
Ms. Michelle Stalder  Scientific Officer  Federal Office of Meteorology and Climatology MeteoSwiss  Federal Department of Home Affairs  
Ms. Antonia Elena Sutter  
Ms. Christine Zundel  Scientific Advisor  Federal Office for Agriculture  Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research  
Syrian Arab Republic 
Ms. Yara Hazzory  UNFCCC National Focal Point  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Local Administration and Environment  
Tajikistan 
Mr. Homidjon Rasulzoda  Director  Agency for Hydrometeorology of the Committee of Environmental Protection under the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Nasimjon Rajabov  Deputy  Climate Change and Ozone Center  Committee for Environment Protection, Government of Tajikistan  
Mr. Lukmon Isomatov  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Turakul Murodov  Head  Projects Implementation Group  Committee of environmental protection under the Goverment of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Thailand 
H.E. Mr. Varawut Silpa-archa  Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Jatuporn Buruspat  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Anuson Chinvanno  Senior Expert, International Relations  National Committee on Climate Change Policy  
Ms. Raweewan Bhuridej  Secretary General  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Thanya Netithammakun  Director General  Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Prasertsuk Patoonsittichai  Executive Director  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization Public Organization  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Phirun Saiyasitpanich  Deputy Secretary General  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Somkiat Prajamwong  Secretary General  Office of the National Water Resources  The Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Sopon Thongdee  Director General  Department of Marine and Coastal Resources  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Sirirurg Songsivilai  Secretary General for Executive Director  National Research Council of Thailand  Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation  
Mr. Surachai Achalaboon  Inspector General  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Natthanich Asvapoositkul  Director, Climate Change Management and Coordination Division  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
  
Thailand (continued) 
Ms. Pavinee Na Saiburi  Director of Public Education and Extension Division  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Sumon Sumetchoengprachya  Director of Strategy Office  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization Public Organization  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Cataleya Phatoomros  Director, Development Affairs Division  Department of International Organizations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Suchitra Changtragoon  Expert on Forest Conservation Research  Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Chongrak Thinagul  Dissemination Technical Officer, Expert Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Preecha Sukklam  Executive Advisor on Water Resources Management  Office of the National Water Resources  The Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Wimolpat Bumbudsanpharoke Khamkanya  Senior Expert on Economic Analysis for Water Resources Development Project  Office of the National Water Resources  The Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Prasert Sornsathapornkul  Director of Division of Foreign Affairs  Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation  
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Kollawat Sakhakara  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Kittisak Prukkanone  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Sivach Kaewcharoen  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Somjai Simachaya  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Fairda Malem  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Worawan Nakbanpot  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Vanvimol Patarasiriwong  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Pagaporn Yodplob  Dissemination Technical Officer, Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Adisak Phusitwongsanuyut  Forestry Technical Officer, Senior Professional Level  Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Phusin Ketanond  Forestry Technical Officer, Senior Professional Level  Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Peeraphat Chukamnerd  Plan and Policy Analyst, Senior Professional Level  Department of Marine and Coastal Resources  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Pasinee Napombejra  Policy and Plan Analyst, Senior Professional Level  International Agricultural Economics Division, Office of Agricultural Economics  Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives  
Ms. Nichamon May Hsieh  Counsellor, Development Affairs Division  Department of International Organizations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Woranuch Emmanoch  Chief of International Convention and Commitment Section  Royal Forest Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
  
Thailand (continued) 
Ms. Paweena Panichayapichet  Manager, Approval and Monitoring Office  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization, Public Organization  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Worapon Mathurosmatanee  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Chompunut Songkhao  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Chanutsakul Supirak  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Jarunee Nugranad  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Wilailak Maiwong  Plan and Policy Analyst, Professional Level  Office of the National Economic and Social Development Council  The Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Kittima Jintanasonti  Policy and Plan Analyst, Professional Level  International Agricultural Economics Division, Office of Agricultural Economics  Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives  
Mr. Supanut Chotevitayatarakorn  Officer, Expert  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization, Public Organization  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Anuporn Wanwisade  Environmentalist, Practitioner Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Wanisa Kantamanee  Environmentalist, Practitioner Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Suphat Phengphan  Environmentalist, Practitioner Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Chatchawan Genarkarn  Environmentalist, Practitioner Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Wirat Songsri  Environmentalist, Practitioner Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Korawat Wuttiwong  Third Secretary, Development Affairs Division  Department of International Organizations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Thitapa Patanan  Third Secretary  Department of Treaties and Legal 
Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Raweewat Ruechai  Trade Officer, Practitioner Level  Department of Trade Negotiations  Ministry of Commerce  
Ms. Oranuch Ratana  Policy Developer  Office of National Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation Policy Council  
Mr. Nut Chayutimand  Task Team, Attached to the Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tanarpak Chimphanth  Task Team, Attached to the Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Rungnapar Pattanavibool  Director  Foreign Affairs Division, Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Monthip Sriratana  Director, Climate Change Research Strategy Center  National Research Council of Thailand  Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation  
Ms. Prapasri Chetsonkcul  Counsellor  Royal Thai Embassy in Madrid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Patana Sangsriroujana  Deputy Governor - Strategy  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Thepparat Theppitak  Deputy Governor - Power Plant Development and Renewable Energy  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
  
Thailand (continued) 
Ms. Kanchanit Phongphet  Scientist Level 11  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Gatenapa Maharattanawong  Chief, Planning and Monitoring Department  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Porntip Eiamsai  Chief, Greenhouse Gas Management Department  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Nilapha Paemanee  Head, Planning and Evaluation of Greenhouse Gas Section  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Siva Jaruwan  Head, Monitoring Section  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Pisut Painmanakul  Director, EGAT Board of Directors  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Neeranuch Arphacharus  Public Health Technical Officer, Senior Professional Level  Bureau of Environmental Health, Department of Health  Ministry of Public Health  
Ms. Margaret C. Yoovatana  Senior Policy and Plan Specialist  Planning and Technical Division, Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives  
Ms. Wassana Loonsamrong  Public Health Technical Officer, Professional Level  Health Impact Assessment Division, Department of Health  Ministry of Public Health  
Mr. Paramin Sansongsak  Engineer, Professional Level  Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Pattanan Tarin  Scientist, Professional Level  Hazardous Substances Management Division, Department of Industrial Works  Ministry of Industry  
Mr. Pornsil Patchrintanakul  Advisor  Food Processing Industry Club  The Federation of Thai Industries  
Ms. Nalinrut Masomboon  Committee on Energy and Environmental Conservation  Board of Trade of Thailand  
Ms. Sukanya Chaichuen  Committee on Plants, Vegetables, Fruits and Herbal Processing Strategy  Board of Trade of Thailand  
Mr. Siwat Sirikhandha  Advisor to Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Care You Co., Ltd.  
Timor-Leste 
Mr. Demetrio Do Amaral de Carvalho  Secretary of State for Environment  Secretariat of State for Environment  Coordinating Ministery for Economic Affaris  
Mr. Adao Soares Barbosa  National Focal Point for UNFCCC  National Directorate for Climate Change  Secretariat of State for Environment and Reforestation  
Mr. Joao Carlos Soares  Director General of Environment  General Directorate for Environment  Secretary of State for Environment  
Mr. Hendrique Coa  Desk Officer for UN of Economic, Social, Commission and Asia Pacific  Directorate for UN  
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Ms. Justina Aurea Da Costa Belo  Climate Change Technical Staff  National Climate Change Directorate  Secretariat of State for Environment and Reforestation  
Mr. Nelson António de Jesus Medeiros Madeira  Head of Climate Change Department  National Directorate for Climate Change  Vice Ministry of Development for Housing, Spatial Planning and Environment, Ministry for Development and Institutional Reform  
Mr. Joanico Do Amaral  Technical Staff  Office of the Secretary of State for Environment  Secretary of State for Environment  
Mr. Julião Dos Reis  GCF National Designated Authority  Office of the GCF NDA of Timor Leste  Secretariat of State for Environment and Reforestation  
Mr. Rui Dos Reis Pires  National Director for Biodiversity  National Directorate for Biodiversity  Secretariat of State for Environment and Reforestation  
Ms. Teresinha do Menino Jesus dos Santos  Technical Staff for Adaptation  Department of Adaptation  National Directorate for Climate Change, Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Environment  
Mr. Carlos Lopes Ximenes  National Director,Focal Point for UNEP  National Directorate for Environmental Law and Proceeding  Secretariat of State for Environment and Reforestation  
  
Timor-Leste (continued) 
Mr. Kassius Klei de Jesus Marcelino Magno Dias Ximenes  National Director for Research and Development  National Directorate for Research and Development  Ministry of Public Work  
Mr. Augusto Manuel Pinto  Director  National Directorate of Climate Change  Secretary of State for Environment  
Ms. Clarisse Maria Mazzarello Soares Trindade  Technical Advisor  Office of the Secretary of State for Enviornment  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Togo 
Mr. Komla Azankpo  Juriste, Point Focal National de la CCNUCC  Direction de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Développement Durable et de la Protection de la Nature  
Ms. Méry Yaou  Chef Division de la Lutte contre les Changement Climatiques  Direction Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Développement Durable et de la Protection de la Nature 
Mr. Bassary Toure  Minister  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement   
Mr. Kokouvi Gbetey Akpamou  Directeur des Études et de la Planification  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Développement Durable et de la Protection de la Nature  
Mr. Bareremna Afelu  Environnementaliste, Officier des Eaux et Forêts  Ministère de l’Environnement et des Ressources Forestières  
Mr. Nikabou Tabe  Environnementaliste  
Ministère de l’Environnement, du Développement Durable et de la Protection de la Nature  
Mr. Koffi Volley  Biologiste Environnementaliste  Direction de l’Environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Yaovi Lowanou Kogbe  Environnementaliste  
Mr. Moubarak Moukaila  
Ms. Ashia Bio-Sawe  
Ms. Melissa Ayodele Olympio  
Mr. Komlanvi Moglo  
Mr. Mohamed Abdoul Karim Keita  
Mr. Ahonali Patrice Gbaguidi  
Mr. Amara Kouyate  
Mr. Kouassigan Vigniale Tovivo  
Ms. Imogen Astrid Rickert  
Mr. Lantam Djeri-Wake  
Mr. Kossivi Nevaeme Adessou  Co Régional GNDR  
Mr. Kofi Dovene Agbedinou  Journaliste  Lome  EcoConscience TV  
Mr. Sena Alouka  Executive Director  Jeunes Volontaires pour l’Environnement  
Mr. Aliou Mamadou Dia  Représentant Résident du PNUD  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Mattia Epifani  
Ms. Neme Gnassingbe  
Ms. Ayawa Meduwodzi Guidi  Amenaggiste  
Mr. Jean Jaures Ange Vigny Kadjo  ONG Page Verte   
Mr. Komi Edem Koledzi  Enseignant chercheur  
Ms. Jeanne Irène Koumo  ONG Page Verte   
Ms. Arzouma Naman épse Yerima  
Mr. Antonio Pelosi  
Mr. Ibrahim Traore  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Ms. Pokou Mariline Francisca Yao  ONG Page Verte   
Tonga 
H.E. Mr. Pohiva Tu.i.onetoa  Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  Government of Tonga  
H.E. Mr. Poasi Mataele Tei  Minister, Head of Delegation  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  Leadership  
Mr. Etika Koka  Chief Secretary and Secretary to Cabinet  Prime Minister’s Office  Government of Tonga  
Mr. Paula Pouvalu Ma’u  CEO, Deputy Head  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  Leadership  
Ms. Pilimilose Balwyn Faotusia  CEO for Finance  Leadership  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Lu’isa Tupou Veihola Malolo  Director  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  
Mr. Viliami Kami  Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Quarantine Division  Ministry of Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
  
Tonga (continued) 
Ms. Losana Saunaleva Tupou Latu  Climate Change Officer  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  
Ms. Lilu Kilisitina Moala  Head of National Communication  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  
Ms. Fololita Siensita Sila  Policy Advisor  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  
Ms. Kilisitina Angahikifoou Puleiku  Prime Minister’s Personal Assistant  Leadership  Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Ilaisaane Manukalo Paea I Vikatolia Vea  Economic Advisor  Tonga Fellowship on the Environment and Ocean 2019  Permanent Mission of the Kingdom of Tonga to the United Nations, New York  
Ms. Cadinia Kalatiola Tongaonevai  Environment Advisor  Tonga Fellowship on the Environment and Ocean 2019  Permanent Mission of the Kingdom of Tonga to the United Nations, New York  
Ms. Elisiva Vika Veiongo Kapa I Taipei Akauola  Legal Advisor  Tonga Fellowship on the Environment and Ocean 2019  Permanent Mission of the Kingdom of Tonga to the United Nations, New York  
Ms. Elizabeth Akauola  Climate Change Policy and Planning Officer  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  
Mr. Othniel Mintang Yila  Advisor  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Sione Semisi Uiha Folau  Master Candidate in Climate Change  USP - PACRES  University of the South Pacific  
Mr. Christopher Kongaika Taufatofua  Senior Associate  Project Finance  Milbank, Tweed, Hadlay Mc Cloy  
Mr. Uili Lousi  President  Executive  OHAI Incorporated  
Mr. David Sattler  Professor  Academia  Western Washington University  
Mr. Rhys Samuel Logan  Visual Journalist  Academia  Western Washington University  
Ms. Sophia Boehm  Adaptation Advisor  Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Mr. Brett Cozzolino  Adaptation Advisor  Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Ms. Britta Dosch  Adaptation Advisor  Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Ms. Emily Tucker  Mitigation Advisor  Yale School of Forestry and 
Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Ms. Margaret Ferrato  Cooperative Approaches Advisor  Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Ms. Pallavi Sherikar  Climate Finance Advisor  Yale School of Forestryand Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Ms. Taryn Miyuki Akiyama  Adaptation Advisor  Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Mr. Robert Kay  Consultant  IFC International  
Ms. Danielle Stewart Robertson  Project Manager  Development  ClimateWorks Australia  
Mr. Guntur Paramita Sutiyono  Senior Project Manager  International Program  ClimateWorks Australia  
Ms. Megan Clare Argyriou  Head of International Programs  Development  ClimateWorks Australia  
Ms. Nicole Frances Baker  Program Manager  International Program  ClimateWorks Australia  
Mr. Sione Talolakepa Fulivai  Adaptation Advisor  Climate Change Resilience Division  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Ralf Lopian  Senior Advisor  Biosecurity  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
  
Tonga (continued) 
Mr. Arop Leek Deng  Agricultural Advisor  International Plant Protection Convention  Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations  
Ms. Marta Aroha Jakob-MacFarlane  Youth  College Beranger  
Ms. Dominique Jakob  Architect  Jakob and MacFarlane Architects  
Mr. Brendan MacFarlane  Architect  Jakob and MacFarlane Architects  
Trinidad and Tobago 
Mr. Ric Ali  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Planning and Development  
Mr. Kishan Kumarsingh  Head, Multilateral Environmental Agreements Unit  Environmental Planning and Policy Division  Ministry of Planning and Development  
Ms. Sindy Singh  Climate Change Specialist  Ministry of Planning and Development  
Ms. Crystal Lawrence  Environmental Officer II  Department of Environment  Tobago House of Assembly  
Ms. Kristin Qui  Climate Policy Advisor  Climate Analytics  
Tunisia 
H.E. Mr. Mokhtar Hammami  Minister of Local Affairs and Environment 
S.E. M. Samir Taieb  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and Fisheries  
S.E. M. Wacef Chiha  Ambassadeur  Ministère des affaires étrangères  
Mr. Mohamed Zmerli  Deputy Director  Ministry of Local Affairs and Environment  
Mr. Adel Abdouli  Coastal Observatory  Planning and Protection Coastal Agency  
Mr. Hedi Agrebi Jaouadi  Directeur Général  Institut National de Météorologie  
Mr. Rafik Aini  Directeur  Ministère de l’Agriculture, des Ressources Hydrauliques et de la Pêche  
Ms. Rabeb Amri ep Ouerfelli  Chargé de Presse  Ministry of Local Affairs and Environment  
Mr. Nidhal Attia  Expert  
Mr. Mohamed Aydi  Mairie de Sfax  
Mr. Fadhel Baccar  Project Manager  PNUD Tunisie  
Mme Holla Bach Tobji  Directeur Général des Organisations et des Conférences Internationales  Ministère des Affaires Étrangères  
Mr. Faouzi Batti  Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and Fisheries  
Mr. Haythem Belghrissi  Ingenieur  Ministry of Transportation  Institut National de Météorologie  
Mr. Nejib Ben Chikha  Director  Ministère de l’Equipement, de l’Habitat et de l’aménagement du territoire  
Mr. Mustapha Ben Hassine  Chargé de protocole  Ministère des affaires locales et de l’environnement  
Ms. Kenza Ben Moussa  Expert  
Mr. Habib Ben Moussa  Ministry of Local Affairs and Environment  
Mr. Adel Ben Youssef  Expert  
Mr. Slim Ben Youssef  
Ms. Severine Jeanne Pierrette Borderon ep Carrez  Experte  
Mr. Mohamed Boufaroua  Directeur Général  Ministère de l’Agriculture, des Ressources Hydrauliques et de la Pêche  Direction Générale des Forêts  
Mme Najoua Bouraoui  Présidente de l’Association pour la Protection de l’Environnement et le Développement Durable de Bizerte  NGO  
Ms. Olfa Bouslama Ep Grami  Director  Ministère de la femme  
Mr. Philippe Claire G. Chabot  Expert  
Mr. Samir Cherif  Chef de service  Société Tunisienne d’électricité et du Gaz  
Mr. Mansour Cherni  Coordinateur du département relations arabe et internationale et migration  Union Générale Tunisienne du Travail  
Mr. Mounir Dahmani  Expert  
Ms. Françoise Marie Bernadette Deleunay  Expert  
Ms. Imen Derbel  Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and Fisheries  
Mr. Seifallah Derouiche Rafrafi  Expert  
  
Tunisia (continued) 
Mr. Mohamed Lazhar El Euchi  Ministère de l’Agriculture, des Ressources Hydrauliques et de la Pêche  
Mr. Akrem Elaatar  Ministère des affaires étrangères  
Ms. Aida Fehri  Attachée de Presse  Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and Fisheries  
Mr. Tiago Maria Fernandes Pinto Fachada  Expert  
Ms. Emna Fourati  Project Coordinator  Réseau Alternatif des Jeunes-Tunisie  
Mme Raoudha Gafrej  Enseignante Universitaire  Université Tunisienne  
Mr. Frédéric Philippe Gagnon-Lebrun  Expert  
Ms. Latifa Gammar Ep Bousselmi  Expert  Ministère de la recherche scientifique  
Mr. Hamadi Gharbi  Expert  NGO  
Mr. Samir Grimes  Expert  
Mr. Ahmed Guesmi  Director  Ministère des Finances  
Ms. Essia Guezzi  Project Officer  Climate and Energy  TENMYA 21  
Ms. Hajer Hafdhallaoui Ep Omrani  Responsable Presse  Ministry of local affairs and environment  
Mr. Habaieb Hamadi  General Director  Ministère de l’Agriculture, des Ressources en eau et de la Pêche  
Mr. Mohamed Chemseddine Harabi  Sous directeur  
Ministère de l’agriculture, des ressources hydrauliques et de la pêche  
Ms. Amina Hichri  Engineer  Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and Fisheries  
Mr. Zouhaier Hlaoui  Secretary General  Association tunisienne des changements climatiques et du développement durable  
Ms. Wafa Hmadi  Expert  NGO  
Ms. Afef Jaafar Epouse Limam  Agence Nationale pour la Maîtrise de l’Energie  
Mr. Sid El Mahi Lamine Kadi  Expert  
Mr. Kamel Ketari  Conseiller  Ministry of Local Affairs and Environment  
Mme Ons Khechine  Coordinator of the GHG inventory team  Agence Nationale pour la Maîtrise de l’Energie  
Ms. Marie Gabrielle Lahache  
Ms. Nathalie, Nicole Lazarie ép Chalifour  Expert  
Mr. Mohamed Lili  Expert  Union Tunisienne des Travailleurs de Tunisie  
Mr. Colmenar Lopez  
M. Jamel Louati  Chef de Service  Ministère du Développement Régional et de la Planification  
Ms. Aouatef Mabrouk  Expert  
Mr. Omar Mansouri  Expert  
Mr. Mondher Marzouk  Maire de Monastir  
Ms. Maria Cristina Mateos Fernandez Maquieira  Expert  
M. Chokri Mezghani  Director  Ministry of Local Affairs and Environment  
Mr. Nejib Osman  Expert  
Mr. Bechir Ounissi  Directeur  Ministère de l’Agriculture, des Ressources Hydrauliques et de la Pêche  
Mr. Karim Sahnoun  Director  Ministry of Local Affairs and Environment  
M. Adel Saidane  Directeur Général  Ministère des Finances  
Ms. Hazar Sassi Ep Neili  Ministre délégué  Ministre des affaires étrangères  
Ms. Jihene Touil  Expert  
Ms. Nadege Trocellier  Expert  
Mr. Matthieu Wemaere  Expert  
Ms. Soumaya Zaddem  Expert  
Mme Asma Zaouali  Responsable Stratégie  Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations  
Ms. Saida Zemzemi Ep Zemzemi  Expert  
Mr. Mohamed Salim Zmami  Presse  
Turkey 
H.E. Mr. Murat Kurum  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Mehmet Emin Birpinar  Deputy Minister / Chief Negotiator  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
  
Turkey (continued) 
Mr. Ersel Ozdemir  Undersecretary  Madrid Turkish Embassy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Aykut Unal  Undersecretary  Madrid Turkish Embassy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Eyüp Açil  Engineer  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Bülent Akil  Manager  Iller Bankasi Anonim Sirketi  
Mr. Kadir Aksakal  Expert  Turkish Statistical Institute  
Mr. Necati Cem Aktuz  Engineer  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Ms. Burcu Altinordu  Expert  Directorate for European Union Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Pinar Asan Özalp  Expert  Directorate for European Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Aydin Cem Aslanbay  Head of Department  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Cengiz Taylan Baykara  Head of Department  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Mr. Abdulkadir Bektas  Head of Department  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Mr. Oguz Can  Head of Department  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Mr. Ahmet Onur Catakli  Expert  Ministry of Trade  
Ms. Nesibe Feyza Ciger  Expert  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Mr. Burak Demiralp  Chief of Cabinet  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Ms. Elif Demirbas Topçu  Engineer  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Mesut Demircan  Geodesy and Photogrammetry Engineer  General Directorate of Meteorology  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Mehmet Demirci  Expert  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Ms. Gökçe Demirdere  Expert  Ministry of Treasury and Finance  
Mr. Cihad Ayberk Doner  Expert  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Muhammet Ecel  General Director  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Mr. Mehrali Ecer  General Director  Department of European Union and Foreign Relations  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Ms. Sule Erdal  Expert  General Directorate of Environmental Management  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Mr. Alican Eren  Engineer  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Cihad Erginay  Ambassador  Madrid Turkish Embassy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Diren Ertekin  Expert  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Mr. Kerim Güllü  Deputy Director  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Ms. Eda Güney Okurcan  Engineer  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Ms. Feriba Duygu Hokkaci Esirgen  Head of Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Can Devil Içel  EU Expert  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Kemal Cagatay Imirgi  Director General  Ministry of Treasury and Finance  
Mr. Mehmet Ali Kahraman  General Director  MoEU  
Ms. Nur Cagri Karabag  Expert  Ministry of Trade  
Mr. Hamza Karaca  Urban Planner  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Faruk Kaymakci  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ercan Korkmazyurek  Chief of Protocol  MoEU  
Mr. Ugur Kostekci  Expert  Presidency of Turkey, Presidency of Strategy and Budget  
Mr. Yasin Koycu  Expert  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
  
Turkey (continued) 
Mr. Barçin Kurucu  First Secretary  Madrid Turkish Embassy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. H. Asli Oguz  Coordinator  General Directorate for Energy Affairs  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Ms. Selin Ozaydin  First Undersecretary  Madrid Turkish Embassy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Reyhan Ozdemir  Head of Division  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Ms. Umay Gokce Ozkan  Expert  General Directorate of European Union and Foreign Relations  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Miguel Leon Perez  Madrid Turkish Embassy  
Ms. Elif Pinar Polat  Expert  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Ms. Gozde Sari  Interpreter  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tuba Seyyah  Expert  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Ms. Hulya Silkin  Expert  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Orhan Solak  Head of Climate Change Department  General Directorate of Environmental Management  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Mr. Alper Songelen  Protocol Responsible  
Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Sadik Soylu  Minister Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Ms. Yasar Inci Tekeli  Coordinator  General Directorate of Agricultural Research and Policies  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Ilhan Kemal Tug  Ambassador, General Manager  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Cigdem Tugac  Expert  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Ms. Nejla Tugrul  Expert  Ministry of Trade  
Mr. Umit Turhan  Chief of Division  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Ms. Aysin Turpanci  Legal Expert  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Mr. Ilker Uykal  Public Information Adviser  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Ms. Ahu Gökben Yener  Head of Department  Ministry of Treasury and Finance  
Mr. Riza Fikret Yikmaz  Expert  Strategy and Budget Office  Presidency of the Republic of Turkey  
Mr. Samet Yilanci  Expert  Ministry of Environment and Urbanisation  
Ms. Ezgi Yildirimlidal  Expert  Ministry of Trade  
Mr. Subutay Yuksel  Deputy General Manager  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Turkmenistan 
Mr. Allanur Altyyev  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Environment Protection  
Mr. Gurbangeldi Allaberdiyev  Team Leader, Climate Change Group/National Focal Point  Ministry of Agriculture and Environment Protection  
Mr. Berdi Berdiyev  Head  Department on Coordination of International Environment Cooperation and Projects  Ministry of Agriculture and Environment Protection  
Mr. Shatlyk Berdiyev  Chief Specialist  Department for Coordination of International Environmental Cooperation and Projects  Ministry of Agriculture and Environment Protection  
Tuvalu 
H.E. Mr. Kausea Natano  Prime Minister  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Isaia Vaipuna Taape  Minister for Health  Ministry of Health  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Tine Leuelu  Secretary to Government  Office of the Prime MInister  
H.E. Mr. Ian Fry  Ambassador for Climate Change  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Pepetua Election Latasi  Director  Department of Climate Change and Disaster  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Nese Ituaso Conway  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Health  Government of Tuvalu  
  
Tuvalu (continued) 
Ms. Litiana Talake  Adaptation Policy Advisor  Climate Change and Disaster  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Fafetai Namoto  TSF Coordinator  Department of Climate Change and Disaster  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Vaiaoga Vaisameni Lameko  Project Development Officer  Climate Change Department  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Nikotemo Iona  Director  Tuvalu Meteorology Service  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Penivao Penete  Security for the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Yen-Lun Chang  Advisor  
Ms. Teresa Winnie Vasiti Drecala  Director Tuvalu NGOs  Tuvalu Association of Non-Government Organisations  
Mr. Chao-Yi Fang  Advisor  
Mr. Tusialofa Finikaso  Coordinator  Climate Change and Disaster  Tuvalu Red Cross Society  
Mme Selepa Kausea  Spouse of the Prime Minister  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Mahu Melita Saanga Tinapa  Chief of Protocol  Department of Foreign Affairs  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Lototasi Tealaalafagaoaliki Vaguna  Private Secretary to the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of Tuvalu  
Uganda 
H.E. Ms. Mary Gorretti Kitutu  Minister  
Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Ruhakana Rugunda  Prime Minister  
Mr. Bob Natifu  Assistant Commissioner  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Alfred Okot Okidi  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Sebbit Adam Mohammed  
Ms. Edith Adera  
Ms. Florence Grace Adongo  Commissioner  Water Quality Management  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Caroline Aguti  Senior Petroleum Officer, Environment  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development  
Ms. Elizabeth Ahumuza  
Mr. Peter Oscar Ajoket  
Ms. Patriciah Roy Akullo  Programme Officer, Advocacy  DanAid Uganda  
Ms. Violet Adome Akurut  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Uganda  
Ms. Jacquiline Amongin  Member of Pan African Parliament  Parliament of Uganda  
Mr. Yeri Ofwono Apollo  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Uganda  
Ms. Eunice Asinguza  Senior Legal Counsel  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Joseph Basikhan Bahati  Deputy Director  Presidential Initiative on Banana Industrial Development  
Mr. Robert Bakiika  Deputy Executive Director  Programmes  Environmental Management for 
Livelihood Improvement Bwaise Facility  
Mr. Henry Bbosa  Senior Climate Change Officer-International Relations  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Benon Bena  
Mr. Grace Kasirye Birikadde  Environmental Specialist  Rural Electrification Agency  
Ms. Uwamariya Allen Bucyana  Senior State Attorney  First Parliamentary Counsel  Ministry of Justice and Constitutional Affairs  
Mr. Nicholas Carpeneus Businge  Programme Officer  Parliamentary Forum on Climate Change  
Ms. Flavia Byekwaso  
Mr. Godfrey Arnold Dhatemwa  
Mr. Collins James Dombo  
Mr. Oriono Joseph Eyatu  Commissioner  Rural Water  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. David Gavamukulya  
Mr. Berhane Gebru  Director of Programs Techlab, GHI360  
Ms. Lillian Idrakua  Commissioner  Water Quality Management  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Chekwoti Irene  Senior Climate Change Officer-Mitigation  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Freddie Kabango  
  
Uganda (continued) 
Mr. Ronald Kaggwa  Environmental Economist  National Environment Management Authority  
Ms. Musitwa Joy Kagoda  
Mr. Joshua Kalebo  Second Secretary  Permanent Mission of Uganda to the UN, New York  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Dennis Kalikola  
Mr. Nasanairi Junior Kamudoli  
Ms. Imelda Kanzomba  
Mr. Richard Kapere  Senior Planning and Environment Impact Assessment Officer  Uganda Wildlife Authority  
Mr. Allan Kasagga  Director, Finance  National Environment Management Authority  
Ms. Edith Kateme - Kasajja  Deputy Executive Director  National Planning Authority  
Mr. James Kaweesi  Assistant Commissioner  Policy and Planning  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Patrick Charles Kibaya  Project Officer  Uganda Chartered Healthnet  
Mr. Dan Kibuuka Kiguli  Manager CDM UMSCP  National Environment Management Authority  
Ms. Christine Rebecca Kisamba Mugerwa  Sociologist  Institute of Social Research, Makerere  
Mr. Wilberforce Kisamba-Mugerwa  Chairperson  Micro Finance Support Centre  
Ms. Christine Nalwoga Kiwanuka  
Ms. Juliet Kyokunda  
Mr. James Leku  
Mr. Festus Luboyera  Executive Director  Uganda National Meteorogical Authority  
Mr. Fred Machulu Onduri  Advisor, Youth Go Green Initiative  Youth Go Green Uganda  
Mr. Andrew Masaba  Principal Economist  Development Assistance and Regional Cooperation  Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development  
Ms. Winnie Masiko  
Mr. Julius Mucunguzi  
Mr. Denis Mugagga  Economist  Development Assistance and Regional Cooperation  Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development  
Mr. Michael Mukasa Mugerwa  
Mr. Arthur Mugisha  
Mr. Xavier Nyindo Mugumya  Coordinator, Climate Change  National Forestry Authority  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Juvenal Ntacyo Muhumuza  Ag. Assistant Commissioner  Development Assistance and Regional Cooperation  Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development  
Mr. Samson Muwanguzi  
Mr. Stephen Albert Jonathan Muwaya  Senior Rangeland Ecologist  Directorate of Animal Resources  Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries  
Ms. Christine Kaaya Nakimwero  Coordinator  Parliamentary Forum on Climate Change  
Ms. Ruth Kato Namazzi  Senior Programmes Officer, EU-NAOSU  Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development  
Mr. Richard Nduhuura  
Mr. Mike Nsereko  Director  Planning  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Wodamida Morris Ogenga Latigo  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Uganda  
Mr. Tom Obong Okello  
Mr. Tom Okia Okurut  Executive Director  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Collins Oloya  
Mr. Fred Athoiu Onyai  
Mr. Isaac Rubayiza  
Ms. Jocelyn Rugunda  
Ms. Racheal Rwomushana  State Attorney  Department of Legal Advisory Services  Ministry of Justice and Constitutional Affairs  
Mr. George Tibagana  
Mr. Sandy Stevens Tickodri-Togboa  
Mr. Callist Tindimugaya  
Mr. Godfrey Rweihunga Turyahikayo  Executive Director  Rural Electrification Agency  
Mr. Aaron Welikhe  Assistant Head of Productive Services  National Planning Authority  
Ukraine 
H.E. Mr. Oleksiy Orzhel  Minister  Ministry of Energy and Environmental Protection  
Ms. Iryna Stavchuk  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Energy and Environmental Protection  
  
Ukraine (continued) 
Mr. Oleksii Riabchyn  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Energy and Environmental Protection  
Mr. Anatoliy Scherba  Ambassador of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Spain  Embassy of Ukraine in the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Mykhailo Chyzhenko  Head of Climate Policy and Reporting Division  Climate Change and Ozone Layer Protection Department  Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources  
Mr. Igor Onopchuk  Head of Department  Inventory and Monitoring Department  National Center for GHG Emission Inventory  
Mr. Dmytro Matiuschenko  Head of International Sectoral and Investment Cooperation Division  Economic Cooperation Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Oleksandr Marikovskyi  People’s Deputy of Ukraine  Parliament of Ukraine  
Mr. Oleksandr Diachuk  Chief Researcher  Institute of Economics and Forecasting of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine  
Ms. Nataliya Kushko  National Expert  
Mr. Ihor Semeniuk  Counsellor  Embassy of Ukraine in the Kingdom of Spain  
Mr. Viktor Kharaminskyi  First Secretary  Embassy of Ukraine in the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Olha Ivasenko  Third Secretary  Embassy of Ukraine in the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Svitlana Yarova  Deputy Head of Impact Assessment Division  Directorate for Economic Policy  Presidential Office of Ukraine  
Mr. Volodymyr Voroniuk  Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Energy and Environmental Protection of Ukraine  
Ms. Olena Koltyk  Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Energy and Environmental Protection of Ukraine  
United Arab Emirates 
H.E. Mr. Thani Bin Ahmed El Zeyoudi  Minister  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Ahmad Buti Al Muhairbi  Secretary General  Dubai Supreme Council of Energy  
H.E. Mr. Saeed Mohd Al Tayer  Managing Director and CEO  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Mr. Waleed Ali Ahmed Bin Salman  EVP Strategy and Business Development  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Mr. Abdulrahim Sultan Abdulrahim Ibrahim  Director Government Activities  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Mr. Fahed Mohamed Amer Al Hammadi  Assistant Undersecretary, Climate Change and Green Development  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Majid Hassan Alsuwaidi  Ambassador of United Arab Emirates to the Kingdom of Spain  
Ms. Tala Suleiman Abushukair  
Mr. Kazi Owais Ahmed  
Mr. Yousef Ebrahim Al Akraf  EVP Business Support & HR  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Ms. Mashael Ahmed Al Ansari  Climate Change Specialist  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Noorah Ibrahim AL Awadhi  
Ms. Noora Waleed AL Blooshi  
Ms. Sara Ali Mohamed AL Blooshi  
Ms. Shamma Saeed Al Khoori  
Mr. Muath Ibrahim Mohamed Haddad AL Maazmi  
Ms. Maitha Jasem AL Mansoori  
Ms. Aliya Ali Mohamed Al Marzooqi  
Mr. Saeed Mohammed Al Mhemeiri  Dy Sr Mgr - Corporate Communic,  
Mr. Abdulla Mohammed AL Remeithi  
Mr. Jamal Hamza AL Sabt  
Ms. Fatimah Habib Al Saffar  
Mr. Mohammed Abdulkareem Al Shamsi  Chief Climate Change and Sustainability Officer  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Ms. Fatima Mohamed Eid Al Madhloum Al Suwaidi  Analyst, Mergers and Acquisitions  Masdar  
Mr. Ibrahim Al Zu’bi  Head of Sustainability  Majid Al Futtaim Holding Llc  
Ms. Asma Ibrahim Mukhtar Alblooshi  Course Manager  Emirates Diplomatic Academy  
Ms. Afnan Alblooshi  
Ms. Amna Murad ALBloushi  
Mr. Frazly Kahlil Alexander  
  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Ms. Fatma Khalid Alfalasi  Sustainability Engineer  Ministry of Energy and Industry  
Ms. Shamsa Ali ALfuttaim  
Mr. Muwaffaq Alkhedery  
Ms. Maryam Hussain Alloz  
Ms. Maryam Easa Almalek  
Ms. Naseibah AlMarzooqi  
Mr. Waheed Addin Ibrahim ALMasri  
Mr. Naser Humaid Almehrzi  
Ms. Fatema Ahmed Salem Bin Bakheet Alnuaimi  NYU Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Alreem Ali Alnuaimi  
Mr. Mohammed Khalid ALshirawi  
Ms. Marwa Abdulqader Altamimi  
Ms. Hala Raied Ariqat  
Ms. Mothawi Faisal Ballaith  
Mr. Adamu Falalu Bello  
Mr. Marwan Salem Bin Haider  EVP I and TF  
Mr. Thomas Peter Christian Bosse  Head of Programs  DCCE  
Mr. Ribal Dayekh  Specialist-PR and Media  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Ms. Giovanna De Paola Monteiro De Sa  
Ms. Killian Marie Dumont  
Mr. Elwaleed Mohamed Hamad ElMalik  Environment Agency-Abu Dhabi  
Mr. Faisal Alaa Eraiqat  
Mr. Rashed Mohamed Farhan Ekaabi  
Mr. Saoud Aziz Ghalib  
Mr. Daniel Estefano Hawie Roca  
Ms. Priscilla Lydia Hernandez  
Mr. Miguel Hernandez Subira  
Ms. Michelle Anne Hughes  
Mr. Ivano Iannelli  Chief Executive Officer  Dubai Carbon Center for Excellence  
Mr. Bilal Philippe Itani  
Ms. Veronika Jacekova  Deputy Manager  Climate Change and Sustainability  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Mr. Pavan Jaini  
Mr. Humaid Kanji  Lead Environmental Economist  EAD  
Mr. Shakeel Hussain Kazmi  
Mr. Hussain Hassan Khansaheb  
Ms. Julia Leny ep. Bonsaudo  Senior Executive  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
H.E. Mr. Bernardino Leon  
Ms. Shaemma Mebwana  
Mr. Faizan Aqeel Rahim  Junior Technical Officer  Dubai Carbon Center of Excellence  
Ms. Josiane Sadaka  Brand Manager  Dubai Carbon Center of Excellence  
Ms. Juria Sato Bajracharya  
Ms. Beatrix Maria Schmulling  Senior Adviser, Renewable Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Nuraishah Binti Shafiq  
Ms. Elena Shevchenko  
Mr. Simarna Singh  
Ms. Marina Squillacioti  
Ms. Kawthar Merza Thamer  
Mr. Sarath Surendran Thayattu  Videographer  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Ms. Maha Sarwar Toor  
Ms. Lee - Chen Yang  
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
H.E. Mr. Lord Ian Duncan  Minister  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
Ms. Claire O’Neill  COP26 President  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Archibald Young  Lead Negotiator  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
Ms. Roseanna Cunningham  Cabinet Secretary for Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform  Scottish Government  
Mr. Huw Davies  Deputy Head of Delegation  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Virginia Bennett  Negotiator - Legal  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Nicola Benton  Negotiator - Capacity Building and Technology  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Kersti Gallie Berge  Director, Energy and Climate Change  Scottish Government  
Mr. Lawrence Bird  Private Secretary to COP26 President Designate  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Emma Bowen  Negotiator – AIM; Outreach and Engagement Manager  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Catherine Mary Bremner  Director for International Climate and Energy  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
  
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (continued) 
Mr. Nicholas Mark Bridge  Foreign Secretary’s Climate Envoy  Foreign and Commonwealth Office  UK Government  
Ms. Siobhan Browne  Negotiator - Science  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Zac Bull  Senior Policy Advisor  Cabinet Office  UK Govermment  
Ms. Victoria Busby  Chief Operating Officer  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Michael Button  Negotiator - Finance  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Margaret Sian Charnley  Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs  UK Government  
Ms. Jolene Cook  Negotiator - Science  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
H.E. Mr. John Cortes  Minister for the Environment, Sustainability, Climate Change, Heritage and Culture  Government of Gibraltar  
Ms. Rachel Eve Deakin  Negotiator - Transparency and Mitigation  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Ciara Durbin  Assistant Private Secretary  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Manuela Galan  Negotiator – Ambition  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Gareth Gorst  Negotiator - Ambition Alliances  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Catherine Elizabeth Gulliver  Negotiator - Legal  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Priya Gupta  Negotiator - Ambition  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Peter Hill  CEO, COP26  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. David Hynes  Negotiator - Global Carbon Markets  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Robyn Mawdsley  Negotiator - Cross-Cutting Issues  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Karl James McAlinden  Negotiator - UNFCCC Budget  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Juliet Meredith  Negotiator - Capacity Building and Technology  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Robert Moore  Negotiator - Finance  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Felicity Morrison  Negotiator - Implementation  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. John Murton  COP26 Envoy  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Charles Ogilvie  Director of Strategy  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Rosemary Parry  Negotiator - Global Climate Action Agenda  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Clare Radcliffe  Negotiator - Legal  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Philip Raymond  Negotiator - Science  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Malcolm Ridout  Negotiator – Adaptation, Loss and Damage  Department for International Development  
Mr. Anthony Ripley  Negotiator - Ambition  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Emma Louise Robinson  Negotiator - Transparency  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Hugh Salway  Negotiator - Global Carbon Markets  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Lydia Madeleine Sheldrake  Negotiator - Forests and Land Use  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  United Kingdom  
Ms. Rachel Shingles  Private Secretary to Lord Duncan  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
Ms. Beth Siddons  Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs  
Ms. Salka Sigurdardottir  Negotiator - Cross-Cutting Issues  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Anastasia Theodorou  Senior Policy Advisor  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Matt Toombs  Director, Partnerships and Engagement  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Stuart West  Negotiator - Response Measures  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Jonathan Michael Wyatt  Negotiator - Finance  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Yumna Yusuf  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
United Republic of Tanzania 
Mr. Kanizio Fredrick Kahema Manyika  Principal Forest Officer1  Division of Environment  Vice President’s Office  
Mr. Ramadhan Sima  Deputy Minister  Environment  Vice President’s Office  
  
United Republic of Tanzania (continued) 
Mr. Honest Emmanuel Anicetus  Head of Environmental Protection  Department of Protection  Ministry of Health and Social Welfare  
Ms. Aziza Juma Ali  Head of Coordination  Multilateral Finance  Ministry of Finance and Planning  
Ms. Catherine Gossi Bamwenzaki  Assistant Director  Environment  Vice President’s Office - Division of Environment  
Mr. Christophe Bazivamo  Deputy Secretary General  Productive and Social Sectors  East African Community  
Mr. Ladislaus B. Chang’a  Director of Research and Applied Meteorology  Tanzania Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Jean Baptiste Havugimana  Director  Productive Sectors  East African Community  
Mr. Juma Ally Juma  Secretary General  Administration  Greener Impact International  
Mr. Soud Mohammed Jumah  National Coordinator of Strengthening Environment and Climate Change Governance Project  Planning, Policy and Research  The First Vice President’s Office-Zanzibar  
Ms. Agnes Lawrence Kijazi  Director General  Administration  Tanzania Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Ladislaus Leonidas Kyaruzi  Principal Environment and Natural Resources Officer  Environment and Natural Resources  East African Community Secretariat  
Mr. Hussein Mohamed Lujuo  Environmental Health Officer  
Environmental l Health  Ministry of Health and Social Welfare  
H.E. Ms. Riziki Said Lulida  Member of Parliament  Parliament of the United Republic of Tanzania  
Ms. Fatuma Said Lulida  Personal Assistant to Hon. Riziki Lulida  Parliamentary Affairs  Parliament of the United Republic of Tanzania  
Mr. Samweli Gwamaka Mafwenga  Director General  National Environment Management Council  Vice President’s Office  
Mr. Khalid Mohammed Massa  Assistant Director of Environmental Health Services  Environmental Health  Ministry of Health and Social Welfare  
Ms. Farhat Ali Mbarouk  Director of Environment  Environment  The Second Vice President’s Office-Zanzibar  
Mr. Ibrahim Awadhi Mdee  Private Assistant to the Minister  Environment and Union Matters  Vice President’s Office  
Ms. Mboni Mohamed Mhita  Member of Parliament  Parliamentary Affairs  Parliament of the United Republic of Tanzania  
Mr. Fredrick Fulgence Mulinda  Senior Environmental Officer  National Environment Management Council  Vice President’s Office  
Mr. Richard Stanslaus Captain Muyungi  Chair  Institute for Environment and Development Sustainability  
Ms. Happiness Jackson Nnko  Lecturer  Geography  University of Dodoma  
Ms. Zanibibu Twahilu Sheuya  Agricultural Officer  
Crop Production  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Haikael Elieho Shishira  Foreign Service Officer  Foreign Affiairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Mr. Leonard Maduhu Subi  Director of Preventive Services  Prevention  Ministry of Health and Social Welfare  
United States of America 
H.E. Ms. Marcia Bernicat  Ambassador, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary  Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs  Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs  
Ms. Kimberly Carnahan  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Andrew Neustaetter  Attorney-Adviser  Office of the Legal Adviser  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Holly Kirking Loomis  Acting Office Director  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Rebecca Adler Miserendino  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Farhan Akhtar  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Kathryn Bacher  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
  
United States of America (continued) 
Ms. Suzanne Bonamici  Member  House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Julia Brownley  Member  House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
H.E. Mr. Richard Duke Buchan III  Ambassador  U.S. Embassy in Madrid  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Randy Caruso  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Alison Cassady  Deputy Staff Director  House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Sean Casten  Member  House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Katherine Castor  Chairwoman  House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Brian Patrick Clifford  Majority Deputy Staff Director  Senate Environment Public Works Committee  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Hillary Clifford  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Brittany Croll  Program Analyst  Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  
Mr. Kenneth DeGraff  Policy Advisor  
Office of the Speaker of the House  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Mausami Desai  Environmental Engineer  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. James Dewey  Public Affairs Officer  Office of Policy and Public Outreach  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Deborah Dingell  Member  House Committee on Energy and Commerce  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Christine Dragisic  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Daniel Kirvin Dudis  Environmental Counsel  Office of Senator Sheldon Whitehouse  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Shannon Lee Frede  Environmental Policy Counsel  Office of Senator Ben Cardin  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Juliana Gabrovsky  Policy Advisor  Office of International Affairs  U.S. Department of the Treasury  
Ms. Laura Haynes Gillam  Minority Senior Policy Advisor, Clean Air and Climate  Senate Environment Public Works Committee  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Hayley Gillooly  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Catherine Goldberg  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Collin Green  Senior Climate Change Specialist  U.S. Agency for International Development  
Mr. Raul Grijalva  Chairman  House Committee on Natural 
Resources  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Elizabeth Louise Horner  Majority Senior Counsel  Senate Environment Public Works Committee  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Jared Huffman  Member  House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
Mr. William Irving  Technical Expert  Office of Air and Radiation  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Paul Irving  Staffer  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Daniel Kandy  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Eric Kessler  Staff Director for Energy and Environment  Committee on Energy and Commerce  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Joshua Reives Klein  Minority Professional Staff Member  Senate Foreign Relations Committee  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Rebecca Lawlor  Economist  Office of Energy, Infrastructure, and Environment  U.S. Department of Treasury  
Mr. Michael Levin  Member  House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Jan Lewandrowski  Senior Economist  Office of the Chief Economist  U.S. Department of Agriculture  
Mr. Ian Lloyd  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
United States of America (continued) 
Ms. Hannah Lyons  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Craig Mattei  Staffer  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Betty Mccollum  Member  House Committee on Appropriations  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Brian Monahan  Doctor  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Joseph Neguse  Member  House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Elizabeth Nichols  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Environmental Quality and Transboundary Issues  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Richard Obermann  Chief of Staff  Committee on Science, Space, and Technology  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Julio Obscura  Creative Director, Deputy Press Secretary  Office of the Speaker  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Frank Pallone Jr.  Chairman  House Committee on Energy and Commerce  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Nancy Pelosi  Speaker of the House  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Scott Peters  Member  House Committee on Budget  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Molly Peters-Stanley  Foreign Affairs Officer  
Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Aaron Pratt  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Kaitlyn Pritchard  Minority Fellow  Senate Environment Public Works Committee  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Rohemir Ramirez Ballagas  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Julian Jon Reyes  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Erwin Rose  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Meredith Ryder-Rude  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Benjamin Brooks Schreiber  Director of Energy and Climate for Senator Merkley  Senate Foreign Relations Committee  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Christopher Sherry  Policy Analyst  Office of Air and Radiation  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Lora Snyder  Staff Director for Water, Oceans, and Wildlife  House Natural Resources Committee  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Shivshankar Srikanth  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Stephen Story  Personal Representative of Senator Jeanne Shaheen  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Kathryn Stratos  Director  Bureau for Economic Growth, 
Education and Environment, Office of Global Climate Change  U.S. Agency for International Development  
Ms. Kathryn Rose Thomas  Policy Advisor  Office of Senator Bernie Sanders  U.S. Congress  
Mr. John Thompson  Deputy Assistant Secretary for Environment  Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Ana Unruh Cohen  Staff Director  House Select Committee on Climate Crisis  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Candace Marie Vahlsing  Professional Staff Member  Senate Finance Committee  U.S. Congress  
Mr. Sheldon Whitehouse  Senator  Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works  U.S. Congress  
Ms. Kathryn Youel-Page  Assistant Legal Advisor  Office of the Legal Advisor  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson  Chairwoman  House Committee on Science, Space, Technology  
Uruguay 
H.E. Ms. Eneida De León  Minister  Ministry of Housing, Land Planning and Environment  
Mr. Ignacio Lorenzo Arana  Director for Climate Change  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Housing, Land Planning and Environment  
  
Uruguay (continued) 
H.E. Mr. Enzo Raul Benech Bounous  Minister  Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Ms. Carolina Balian González  Technical Specialist in National Plans of Adaptation of UNDP  Unit of Sustainability and Climate Change of OPYPA.  Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Barañano Barrabino  Embassy of Uruguay in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Pignataro Gabriela Andrea  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Housing, Land Planning and Environment  
Ms. Cecilia Roxana Jones  Agricultural Programming and Policy office  Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Ms. Mariana Kasprzyk Sierra  Advisor  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Housing, Land Planning and Environment  
Ms. Laura Marrero Beramendi  Gender Advisor  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Housing, Land Planning and Environment  
Mr. Santiago Mastandrea Silva  Embassy of Uruguay in Spain  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. María Noel Minarrieta Barreiro  Environment Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Macarena Alejandra Mo Umpierre  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Housing, Land Planning and Environment  
Mr. Walter Oyhantçabal  Director  Sustainability and Climate Change Agriculture Unit Office of Agricultural Planning and Policy  
Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Ms. Belén Reyes de Salterain  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Housing, Land Planning and Environment  
Ms. Paola Visca Duarte  Advisor  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Housing, Land Planning and Environment  
Uzbekistan 
Mr. Bakhriddin Nishonov  First Deputy Director General  
Mr. Abat Fayzullaev  Assistant Minister, Head of Organizational Control Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Jakhongir Ganiev  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Uzbekistan in Spain  
Mr. Nabijon Kuvondikov  Second Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Uzbekistan in Spain  
Mr. Rakhmatulla Nurimbetov  Head of Management of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Uzbekistan  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Raisa Taryannikova  Chief  Environment Pollution Monitoring Department  Centre of Hydrometeorological Service at Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Uzbekistan  
Vanuatu 
Ms. Esline Garaebiti  Director  Vanuatu Meteorology and Geohazards Department  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Mike Sam Waiwai  Director  Ministry of Climate Change  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Christopher Yeoman Bartlett  Adviser  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Vanuatu  
Ms. Pauliane Basil  Scientific Officer- CCADRM  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Ian Iercet  Engineer, Architect  Public Works Department  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Nelson Kalo  Scientific Officer Mitigation  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Anna Kalpokas  Manager  National Advisory Board of CC and DRR  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Tony Kaltong Luke  Climate Finance Analyst  Finance and Treasury Department  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Vano Mark  Chief Protocol Officer  Department of Foreign Affairs  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Willy Missack  Climate Action Coordinator  Resilience and Humanitarian  Climate Action Network International  
Mr. Allan Rarai  Manager, Climate Services  Vanuatu Meteorology & Geo-hazards Department  Government of Vanuatu  
Ms. Anne Marie Robert  Senior Finance Officer, Climate Change Projects  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change Adaptation  
Mr. Christopher Tavoa  Director  Advisory Unit, State Law Office  Office of the Prime Minister  
  
Vanuatu (continued) 
Mr. George Anderson Toa  First Political Advisor  Ministry of Climate Change  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Sanlan William  Head, United Nations Division  Foreign Affairs  Government of Vanuatu  
Ms. Hellen Wilson Tom  Administration, Finance and Procurement Manager  Department of Energy  Government of Vanuatu  
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) 
S.E. Sr. Jorge Arreaza Montserrat  Ministro  Ministro del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
S.E. Sr. Aristóbulo Isturiz Almeida  Vicepresidente Sectorial para el Socialismo Social y Territorial  Ministro del Poder Popular para Educación  Ministerio del Poder Popular para la Educación Universitaria, Ciencia y Tecnología  
S.E. Sr. Jorge Rodriguez Gómez  Vicepresidente de Comunicación, Cultura y Turismol, Ministro  Ministerio del Poder Popular para la Educación Universitaria, Ciencia y Tecnología  
S.E. Sr. Oswaldo Rafael Barbera  Ministro del Poder Popular para el Ecosocialismo  
S.E. Sr. Alexander Gabriel Yañez Deleuze  Viceministro  Despacho del Viceministro para Temas Multilaterales y de Integración  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
S.E. Sr. Yvan Eduardo Gil Pinto  Viceministro  Despacho del Viceministro para Europa  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
S.E. Sr. Mario Ricardo Isea Bohórquez  Embajador  Jefe de Misión de la Embajada de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ante el Reino de España  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Pedro Antonio Albarran Depablos  Coordinador  Dirección de Organismos Internacionales  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Isabel Teresa Di Carlo Quero  Responsable del tema de Cambio Climático  Despacho del Viceministro para Temas Multilaterales  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Raquel Escobar Gomez  Punto Focal Género y Cambio Climático  Dirección de Organismos Internacionales  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Luis Palacios  Director  Dirección General de Adaptación y Mitigación del Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Poder Popular para el Ecosocialismo  
Sr. Miguel Serrano  Director General  Dirección General de Integración y Asuntos Internacionales  Ministerio del Poder Popular para el Ecosocialismo  
Sr. Jeissons Antonio Sanchez Canizalez  Profesional Adscrito a la Oficina de Integración y Asuntos Internacionales  Ministerio del Poder Popular para el Ecosocialismo  
Sr. Victor Manuel Pérez Núñez  Primer Secretario  Embajada de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela en el Reino de España  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. María del Rosario Pacheco Osorio  Primer Secretaria  Embajada de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ante el Reino de España  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Antonieta Alvarez de Valdivieso  Primer Secretaria  Embajada de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ante el Reino de España  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Agustín Fernández González  Capitán de Navio  Agregaduría de Defensa  Embajada de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ante el Reino de España  
Sr. Luis Antonio Urribarri Matanzo  Coronel  Agregaduría de Defensa  Embajada de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ante el Reino de España  
Sr. Cruz Esteban Febres Despujols  Segundo Secretario  Embajada de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ante el Reino de España  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Edgar Alfonso Rivero Cox  Coronel  Agregaduría de Defensa  Embajada de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ante el Reino de España  
Sr. Jorge Enrique Alvarez Alvarez  Asistente Canciller  Despacho del Ministro  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Abel Duran  Asistente del Ministro  Despacho del Ministro  Ministerio del Poder Popular para la Comunicación y la Información  
  
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) (continued) 
Sra. Oriana Manrique  Coordinadora de Audiovisuales  Dirección General de Gestión Comunicacional  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Escalante Lara Carlos Alberto  Asistente del Canciller  Despacho del Ministro  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Henry Alexander Contreras Velandia  Asistente del Canciller  Despacho del Ministro  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Maria Daniela Barbera Zambrano  Asistente  Ministerio del Poder Popular para el Ecosocialismo  
Sra. Mayerlin Coromoto Colmenares Betancourt  Oficina de Protocolo  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Flor Isabel Jurado Garanton  Oficina de Protocolo  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Domingo Martinez  Asistente del Ministro  Despacho del Ministro  Ministerio del Poder Popular para la Comunicación y la Información  
Viet Nam 
H.E. Mr. Ha Hong Tran  Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tang The Cuong  Director General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Binh Pham Phu  Director General  International Cooperation 
Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tan Pham Van  Deputy Director General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Huong Chu Thi Thanh  Deputy Head, Division of Science-Technology and International Cooperation  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tam Hoang Van  Official  Department of Energy Saving and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Industry and Trade  
Mr. Luong Tran Van  Director General  Industrial Safety Techniques and Environment Agency  Ministry of Industry and Trade  
Mr. Binh Nguyen Tan  Head of Science, Technology and Environment Department  Vietnam Electricity  
Mr. Huy Ta Quang  Deputy Head of Technology, Safety and Environment Department  Vietnam Oil and Gas Group  
Ms. Trang Nguyen Thi Thu  Official  Department of International Organisations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Thuc Tran  Vice-Chairman  Viet Nam Panel on Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Chuong Chu Van  Deputy Director General  Department of International Cooperation  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Binh Bui My  Department of International Cooperation  
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Anh Le Hoang  Official  Department of Science, Technology and Environment  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Thuy Nguyen Thi Thu  Vietnam Administration of Forestry  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Huong Huynh Thi Lan  Deputy Director General  Institute of Meteorology, Hydrology and Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Minh Nguyen Van  Deputy Head  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Luu Vu Hai  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Trung Tran Do Bao  Official  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Hoa Do Luu  Official  Department of Debt Management and External Finance  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Thuy Dang Thi  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Lien Mai Kim  Division Head  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Chinh Le Van  Official  Ministry of Science and Technology  
Ms. Hau Hoang Hien  Ministry of Science and Technology  
  
Viet Nam (continued) 
Mr. Vinh Dinh Nam  Ministry of Science and Technology  
Ms. Hang Le Thi Thu  Ministry of Science and Technology  
Ms. Nga Tran Thi Thanh  Official  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Quang Vu Duc Dam  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Huong Doan Thi Xuan  Official  International Cooperation Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Huy Luong Quang  Head  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Hai Ngo Duy  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Nghia Tran Dai  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Thang Nguyen Van  Director General  Ministry of Natural Resouces and Environment  
Mr. Thang Nguyen Trung  Deputy Director General  Institute of Strategy and Policy on Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Hanh Nong Thi Hong  Foreign Economic Relations Department  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Mr. Tuyen Pham Tan  Director General  Department of Personnel and Organization  
Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Trong Tran Binh  Ministry of Enviroment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Hang Pham Thu  Deputy Director General  Vietnam Administration of Seas and Islands  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Trung Le Quoc  Director General  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Diep Dang Ngoc  Chief  Ministry Office  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Thuan Nguyen Duc  Director General  Viet Nam Environment Protection Fund  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Anh Mai Tuan  Division Head  Department of Natural Resources and Environment of Ho Chi Minh city  
Mr. Linh Nguyen Duy  Ministry of Science and Technology  
Mr. Tuan Tran Anh  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Trinh Nguyen Thi Dieu  Department of Science Education Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Mr. Hien Nguyen Ngoc  Labour Paper  
Mr. Anh Nguyen Tuan  Deputy Director General  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Ms. Anh Nguyen Thuy  Government Office  
Mr. Dung Ngo Tien  
Ms. Phuong Nguyen To Lan  
Mr. Hung Tang The  Deputy Director General  Department of Energy Saving and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Industry and Trade  
Ms. Hoang Anh Nguyen Thi  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Yemen 
H.E. Mr. Ali Mohsin Saleh Mohsin Al-Ahmar  Vice President of the Republic of Yemen  
Mr. Taofeg A. Al-Sharjabi  Minister  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Ammar Nasser Al-Aulaqi  Chairman  Environment Protection Authority  
Mr. Ebrahim Ali Ahmed Alshami  Office Manager of the Vice President  
Mr. Ahmed Yahya Nasser Abusalem  Press Secretary of the Vice President  
Mr. Yunes Nasser Abdullah Al-Fadhli  
Mr. Kamal Mohammed Naji Al-Mahfadi  
Mr. Aidaros Abdullah Ahmed Al-Maisari  
Mr. Mohammed Ali Ahmed Al-Masodi  
Mr. Fahmi Abdulhadi Binshbrak  Coordinator  Climate Change Unit  Environment Protection Authority  
Mr. Abdulateef Lutfallah Saleh Harms  Personal Secretary to the Vice President  
  
Yemen (continued) 
Mr. Mohammed Ali Saleh Maudha  
Mr. Anwar Abdulaziz Noman  Environment Protection Authority  
Zambia 
Mr. Ndashe L. Yumba  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources  
H.E. Ms. Christine Mwelwa Kaseba-Sata  Ambassador  Zambian Embassy in France  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ephraim Mwepya Shitima  Director  Climate Change and Natural Resources  Ministry of Lands, Natural Resources and Environmental Protection  
Mr. Chibwe Chisala  First Secretary - Economic and Trade  Embassy of the Republic of Zambia to France  
Mr. Richard Mfumu Lungu  Chief Environment Management Officer  Environmental Management Department  Ministry of Water Development, Sanitation and Environmental Protection  
Mr. Francis Mpampi  National Coordinator  National Designated Authority  Ministry of National Development  
Mr. Alick Bulala Muvundika  Acting Deputy Director  National Institute for Scientific and Industrial Research  
Mr. Morton Mwanza  Principal Vegetable Production Officer  Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Ms. Carol Mwape Zulu  Chief Climate Change Officer  Climate Change and Natural 
Resources Management Department  Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources  
Mr. Mulenga Dominic Namanyangu  Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Titus Ng’andu  Assistant Director Early Warning and Preparedness  Disaster Management and Mitigation Unit  Office of the Vice President  
Zimbabwe 
Mr. Nqobizitha M Ndhlovu  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Washington Zhakata  Director  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Ms. Edith Tibahwa Bagambe  Programme Manager  COMESA  
Mr. Fortune Z. Charumbira  Senator - President of Council of Chiefs  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Ms. Priscila Charumbira  Town Planner  City of Harare  
Mr. George Chaumba  Ozone Project Manager  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Mr. Felix Chidavaenzi  Researcher  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Aaron Chigona  Director General  Environmental Management Agency  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Joyce Chikudze  Agriculturalist  Research  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Zuwaracho R Chikuri  Acting Managing Director  Zimbabwe Power Company  
Ms. Consilia Chinanzvavana  Portfolio Committee on Environment Water Climate  Parliament of Zimbabwe  Government of Zimbabwe  
Ms. Magret Chingono  
Mr. Tawanda Chinogwenya  Environmental Manager  Environmental Management Agency  
Ms. Tariro Chipepera  Acting Director  Women Affairs and Gender  Ministry of Women Affairs, Gender and Community Development  
Ms. Chengetai A Chitunhu  Project Assistant  National Ozone Unit  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Lisa Chitura  Officer  Zimbabwe Climate Change Coalition  
Mr. Nelson Gapare  Forestry and Agriculture Expert  Forestry Resources Centre  
Ms. Maria Goss  Lecturer  
Ms. Elizabeth Gulugulu  Officer  Climate Smart Agriculture Youth Network  
Ms. Petronella K N Hazvina  Officer  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Ms. Veronica N. Jakarasi  Deputy Director  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
  
Zimbabwe (continued) 
Mr. Mclay Lynden Kanyangarara  Climate Change Advisor  COMESA  
Mr. Never Katiyo  Director Legal Services  Ministry of Industry and Commerce  
Mr. Chemist M. Gumbie  Forestry Consultant  
Mr. Ishmael Machiya  CEO  Finealt  
Ms. Cecilia Madongo  Economist  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  
Ms. Annie M M Madzara  Environmental Specialist  
Ms. Lioli F M Maguma  GIS Analyst  Environmental Management Agency  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Barnabas M Mangwende  Deputy Director  Ministry of Energy and Power Development  
Mr. Kudakwashe Manyanga  Officer  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Ms. Arina Manyanya  Deputy Director  Budgets  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  
Ms. Rebecca Manzou  Director  Meteorological Services  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Chrispen Maseva  Chief Environmental and Social Sustainability Expert  Infrastructure Development Bank of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Tapiwa Mashakada  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Lawrence Mashungu  Climate Change Scientist-Mitigation  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Ms. Emily F. Matingo  Climate Change Scientist  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Ms. Sibongile W Mavimbela  Environment and Climate Change Officer  Southern African Development Community  
Mr. Albert Samuel Mhanda  Climate Change Specialist  National Communications  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Mr. Jean-Betrand Mhandu  National Coordinator  African Youth Initiative on Climate Change  
Mr. Elisha Moyo  Principal Researcher  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Ms. Farayi Mudita  Education Officer  Ministry of Primary and Secondary Education  
Mr. Tirivanhu Muhwati  Climate Change Scientist  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Ms. Margaret Mukahanana Sangarwe  Chairperson  Zimbabwe Gender Comission  
Mr. Tafadzwa Mukanhairi  Officer  
Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Patience M Munda  Director  Mushandirapamwe Trust  
Mr. Noveti Muponora  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Tatenda Mutasa  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Ms. Shupikai Mutyambizi  Agricultural Economist  Strategic Policy Planning and Business Development  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Mr. Lwembe Chenjelani Mwale  Programme Specialist  COMESA  
Mr. Kudzai F. Ndidzano  Climate Change Scientist  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Mr. Desire Nemashakwe  Director  Green Impact  
Mr. Fidelis Ngorora  Director  Budgets Department  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  
Mr. Cliff Nhandara  Director Alternative Energy  Rural Electrification Agency  
Ms. Petronellar Nyagura  Deputy Ambassador  Zimbabwe High Commission-New York  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Hamilton M Rombe  Administrative Officer  Women Affairs and Gender  Ministry of Women Affairs, Small and Medium Enterprises Development  
Mr. Tapiwa R Rupende  Counsellor  Zimbabwe High Commission-New York  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Ms. Tariro B Sakupwanya  Youth  
Mr. Nesbert Samu  Director  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Edward S Samuriwo  Director  Environment  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Misheck B. Siyakatshana  Technical Director  
Zimbabwe Energy Regulatory Authority  
Ms. Mary Takangovada  Officer  Social Welfare  Ministry of Labour and Social Welfare  
Ms. Rumbidzai B Takawira  Awareness and Communications Officer  Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation  
Ms. Sostina M Takure  Development Economist  Actalliance  
Ms. Dorcas Tawonashe  Economist  Economics and Markets  Ministry of Agriculture, 
Mechanisation and Irrigation Development  
Mr. Alois Tsiga  Third National Communication Project Manager  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Climate and Rural Resettlement  
Mr. Jade T Tsokodayi  Officer  Infrastructural Bank of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Justice Wadyajena  Chair of Portfolio Committee  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Ms. Morege Whatt  Officer  Matabeleland Women Farmers Association  
Observer States 
Holy See 
H.E. Mr. Pietro Parolin  Secretary of State  
H.E. Mr. Bernardito Auza  Apostolic Nuncio  
Mr. Michael Francis Crotty  
Mr. Paolo Conversi  Secretariat of State  
Ms. Marta Villar Ezcurra  Professor of Public Law  
Mr. Pedro Linares Llamas  Professor of Industrial Engineering  
Mr. Joshtrom Kureethadam 
  
United Nations Secretariat units and bodies 
United Nations Secretariat 
Mr. António Guterres  Secretary-General  
Mr. Luis Alfonso de Alba Góngora  Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for the 2019 Climate Summit  
Mr. Jorge Chediek  Envoy of the Secretary-General on South-South Cooperation and Director  United Nations Office for South-South Cooperation 
 
Mr. David Vennett  Trip Captain and Principal Adviser to the Secretary General 
Ms. Anne-Sophie Cerisola  Deputy Special Envoy for the 2019 Climate Action Summit  
Ms. Florencia Soto Nino  Public Information Officer  Department of Public Information  
Ms. Karen Orantes 
Social Media Adviser 
Department of Communication 
 
Mr. Fisnik Alaj 
Officer  
UN Security 
 
Mr. Harry McCullough 
Officer  UN Security 
 
Ms. Malinda McCormack  Security Officer  UNNY  
Mr. William Pardue  
Mr. Hilmija Bajrektarevic  Security Officer  
Ms. Andrea Guerrero Garcia  Principal Advisor, Strategy, Mission 2020  New Venture Fund  
Ms. Isabel Aranda  Senior Programme Management Officer  
Mr. Matthew Coghlan  Senior Programme Management Officer  
Mr. Haroldo de Oliveira Machado Filho  Senior Advisor  United Nations Development Programme Brazil  
Ms. Valentina Germani  Senior Legal Officer  Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea  
Ms. Lorena González López  Senior Programme Management Officer  
Mr. Kaveh Guilanpour  Senior Programme Management Officer  
Ms. Eva Gurría Quintana  Senior Programme Management Officer  
Ms. Harriet O’Brien  Special Assistant  
Ms. Muriel Obon Mariaca  Programme and Event Management Specialist  UNOSSC  
Mr. Moritz Weigel  Senior Research and Programme Advisor  UNOSSC  
Mr. Xiaohua Zhang  Manager of Climate and Sustainable Development Programme  Office for South-South Cooperation  
United Nations General Assembly 
H.E. Mr. Tijjani Muhammad Bande  President of the General Assembly  
Ms. Mari Skaare  Chef de Cabinet  
Mr. Abdelghani Merabet  Senior Adviser  
Ms. Toni-Shae Freckleton  Senior Advisor  
Ms. Denise Kling  Communications Officer  
Mr. Muyiwa Onifade  Special Assistant to the President  
Mr. Rogelio Villaluz  Close Protection Officer  
Department of Economic and Social Affairs 
Mr. Liu Zhenmin  Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs  
Mr. Ariel Alexovich  Associate Public Information Officer  
Mr. Jean D’Aragon  Senior Sustainable Development Officer  
Mr. Nicolas Franke  Sustainable Developmet Officer  
Ms. Eun-Hae Jeong  Senior Sustainable Management Expert  
Mr. Ryo Nakamura  Sustainable Development Officer  
Ms. Damilola Ogunbiyi  Incoming Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All and Co-Chair of UN-Energy  
Ms. Maria Isabel Raya LLorento  Resource Person  
Ms. Nadine Salame  Administrative Assistant  
Mr. Dong Song  Senior Programme Management Officer  
Mr. Minoru Takada  Team Leader, Sustainable Energy  Division for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Peter Thomson  Secretary-General’s Special Envoy for the Ocean  
Mr. Ivan Vera  Chief, Water, Energy and Capacity Development Branch  Division for Sustainable Development  
  
Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific 
Mr. Stefanos Fotiou  Director  Environment and Development Division  
Ms. Aneta Slaveykova Nikolova  Environmental Affairs Officer  Environment and Development Division  
Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia 
Ms. Rola Dashti  Under-Secretary-General and ESCWA Execuitve Secretary  Head of Office  
Ms. Roula Nabih Majdalani  Director  Sustainable Development Policies Division  
Mr. Tarek Mohy Eldin Sadek  First Economic Affairs Officer on Water Resources and Climate Change  
Ms. Radia Sedaoui  Chief of the Energy Section  Sustainable Development Policies Division  
Mr. Daniel Griswold  Associate Economic Affairs Officer, Water Resources Section  Sustainable Development Policies Division  
Mr. Ahmad Diab  Research Assistant, Energy Section  Sustainable Development Policies Division  
Economic Commission for Africa 
Mr. James Murombedzi  Chief of Section  Technical Team  
Mr. Linus Mofor  Senior Climate Change Expert  Tecnical Team  
Mr. Amr Nour  Director, Regional Comissions  New York Office  
Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States 
Ms. Fekitamoeloa Utoikamanu  Under-Secretary-General and High Representative  
Mr. Aniket Ghai  Senior Economic Affairs Officer  LDCs Unit  
Ms. Tishka Frazer-Francis  Sustainable Development Officer  
Mr. Magnus Andresen  Associate Expert  
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights 
Ms. Michelle Bachelet  High Commissioner for Human Rights  Executive Office  
Ms. Beatriz Balbin Chamorro  Chief  Special Procedures Branch  
Mr. Dante Pesce  Member Working Group On Business And Human Rights  SPB  
Mr. David Boyd  UN Special Rapporteur on human rights and the environment  
Mr. Soo Young Hwang  Human Rights Officer  
Ms. Julieta Perucca  Sr. Aide to Special Rapporteur on Housing  Invited Speaker  
Mr. Robert Vaughan  Human Rights Officer  Regional Office for the Pacific  
Mr. Romchat Wachirarattanakornkul  
National Human Rights Officer  Regional office for South-East Asia  
Mr. Leo Heller  UN Special Rapporteur on water and sanitation  
Mr. Jon Izagirre-Garcia  Human Rights Officer  Special Procedures Branch  
Ms. Ahreum Lee  Human Rights Officer  Special Procedures Branch  
Ms. Amanda Kron  Associate Expert - Climate Change and Environment  Thematic Engagement, Special Procedures and Right to Development Division  
Ms. María del Carmen Domínguez  Special Assistant to the High Commisioner for Human Rights  OHCHR  
Mr. Benjamin Schachter  Climate Change Focal Point  Development, Economic and Social Issues Branch  
Ms. Marta Hurtado Gómez  Media officer  
Mr. Anthony Headley  Information Officer  EOS  
Mr. Eugenio Roberto Cadiz  Speaker  Capacity-building Hub  
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees 
Mr. Andrew Harper  Director  DPSM  
Ms. Natalie Schmidthaeussler  Executive Assistant  DPSM  
  
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (continued) 
Ms. Madeline Garlick  Senior Legal Coordinator and Head of the Protection Policy and Legal Advice Section  
Ms. Ana Lidia Frank  
Ms. Florence Geoffroy  Associate liaison officer  Division of International Protection  
Ms. Rosa Otero Gurruchaga  
Ms. Iris Baño Romero  
Ms. María Jesús Vega Pascual  
Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity 
Ms. Jyoti Mathur-Filipp  Director, Implementation and Support Division  
Ms. Chantal Robichaud  Associate Programme Management Officer  Stakeholder Engagement & Cooperation Unit, Implementation Support Division  
Secretariat of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification 
Mr. Ibrahim Thiaw  Executive Secretary  
Mr. Edgar Gutierrez-Espeleta  Special Envoy to the UNCCD 
Ms. Louise Baker  Chief of Unit, External Relations, Policy and Advocacy Unit (ERPA)  
Mr. Marcos Montoiro Allue  Ngo And Civil Society Liaison Officer  External Relations, Policy and Advocacy Unit (ERPA)  
United Nations Capital Development Fund 
Ms. Sophie De Coninck  Programme Manager  Local Development Finance Practice  
Mr. Rafael Moser  Programme Analyst  Local Development Finance Practice  
Mr. David Hugh Jackson  Director of Local Development Finance Practice  
Mr. Ramon Cervera Baiges  Programme officer  Local Development Finance Practice  
Ms. Niania Dabo  Government Relation Consultant  Local Development Finance Practice  
United Nations Children’s Fund 
Ms. Paloma Escudero  Director of Communications  Division of Communication  
Mr. Stefan Swartling Peterson  Associate Director Health  Programme Division  
Mr. Gautam Narasimhan  Senior Adviser  Programme Division  
Ms. Najwa Mekki  Chief of Media  Division of Communication  
Mr. Hanoch Barlevi  Regional Office for Latin America  
Mr. James Elder  Eastern & Southern Africa  
Ms. Joan Pegram  Programme Division  
Mr. Nicholas Rees  Programme Specialist  Programme Division  
Ms. Amy Wickham  Programme Specialist  Programme Division  
Mr. José Laínez Kafati  Communication for Development 
Officer  Chile Country Office  
Ms. Harriet Riley  Consultant  Division of Communication  
Ms. Atle Sandhals Syversen  Communication Specialist  Division of Communication  
Ms. Penelope Lea  UNICEF Ambassador  
Mr. August Lea Kabbe  Youth attendee  
Ms. Synne Lea  
Mr. Nkosilathi Nyathi  Youth Attendee/speaker  
Ms. Edith Musiringofa  
Mr. David Imbago Jácome  Youth attendee/speaker  
Ms. Magdalena Manriquez Hormann  
Ms. Maria Esperanza De La Cruz Borbor  Youth attendee/speaker  
Sra. Catalina Paz Silva Díaz  América Solidaria Internacional  
Mr. Javier Martos Mota  Director. Unicef Spanish Natcom  
Ms. Digna Inés Crespo Toledo  Institutional Relations and Planning  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Carmen Molina Muñoz  Director of Awareness and Childhood Policies  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Cristina Junquera Abaitua  Head of Advocacy and Research  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Diana Valcarcel  Director of Communications  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Ana Muñoz  Communication Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
  
United Nations Children’s Fund (continued) 
Ms. Belén De Vicente Sevilla  Head of Press Relations  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Estefanía García  Communication Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Patricia Moreno Prósper  Communication Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Aida Sánchez Ramos  Communication Officer  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. María Belén Barbero Hernando  Head of Contents  Spanish NatCom  
Mr. Victor Ruiz-Alejos  Communication Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Mr. Ildefonso González Blasco  Communication Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Sara Collantes Mateos  Child Rights Specialist - Research and Advocacy  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. María Belén Andrade Pérez  Awareness Campaigns Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Mr. Gabriel González-Bueno Uribe  Child Rights Specialist - Research and Advocacy  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. María Lafuente Funes  Child Rights Specialist - Research and Advocacy  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Marta Contreras Serrano  Corporate Partnerships Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Almudena Olaguibel Echeverria-torres  Child Rights Specialist - Research and Advocacy  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Carmen Gonzalez Ortiz  Corporate Partnerships Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Mr. Blanca Carazo  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Eva Merello  Corporate Partnerships Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Paola  Bernal  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Lucía Losoviz  Manager Local Policy and Child Participation  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Sílvia Casanovas  Child Participation Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Rocío Vicente  Programme Specialist  Spanish NatCom  
Ms. Alejandra García  Youth attendee/speaker  
Mr. Pablo Morente  Youth Attendee/speaker  
Ms. María Fernández Ballesteros  Youth attendee/speaker  
Mr. Francisco Nieto González  Photo/videographer  
Mr. Adrián Herrero Porto  Photo/Videographer  
Ms. Natalia Prío Platz  Interpreter  
Ms. María Dolores Muñoz Osuna  Institutional Relations and Planning  
Mr. José Luis Román Osorio  Volunteer Programme  
Ms. Silvia Vallejo Jiménez  Youth Chaperone  
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development 
Ms. Isabelle Durant  Deputy Secretary-General  Office of the Secretary General  
Ms. Regina Asariotis  Chief Policy & Legislation Section  Division on Technology and Logistics  
 
 
 
United Nations Department of Public Information 
Mr. Daniel J. Shepard  Public Information Officer  Department of Public Information  
United Nations Development Programme 
Mr. Achim Magnus Steiner  Administrator  
Mr. Damiano Borgogno  Climate Technical Advisor on Cbit, Ncs And Burs  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Verania Chao  Programme Specialist, Climate Change and Gender Equality/inclusion  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Adriana Dinu  Deputy Director, Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Cassie Flynn  Strategic Advisor On Climate Change  Executive Office  
Mr. Pradeep Kurukulasuriya  Executive Coordinator & Director – Global Environmental Finance & Head, Natural Capital And The Environment  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Mr. Dylan Lowthian  Communications Analyst  Bureau for External Relations and Partnerships  
Mr. Gianluca Merlo  Climate Technical Specialist  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support   
United Nations Development Programme (continued) 
Ms. Claudia Mojica  Undp Resident Representative  UNDP Chile  
Mr. Louis Nunes Da Costa  Communications Specialist  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Michiko Okumara  Senior Special Assistant To The Administrator  Executive Office  
Ms. Sameera Savarala  Climate Change Policy Specialist  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Bahareh Seyedi  Global Energy And Climate Advisor  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Julie Teng  Technical Specialist On National Adaptation Plans  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Kimberly Todd  Technical Specialist  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Paloma Toranzos  National Programme Officer  UNDP Chile  
Mr. Oliver Waissbein  Principal Technical Advisor, Mitigation/energy  Bureau for Policy and Programme Support  
Ms. Susan C. Gardner  Director, Ecosystems Division  UN Environment  United Nations Environment Programme  
Ms. Ermira Fida  Lead Finance Green Climate Fund Coordinator, Climate Change Finance  Green Climate Fund Unit  United Nations Environment Programme  
Mr. Mark Radka  Chief, Energy and Climate Branch  United Nations Environment Programme  
Ms. Martina Otto  Head of Cities  Economy Division  UNEP  
Ms. Rose Mwebaza  Director CTCN  United Nations Environment Programme  
Alessandra Casazza  
Ms. Christina Samson  Communications and Design Specialist  
United Nations Economic Commission for Europe 
Ms. Olga Algayerova  Under-Secretary-General & Executive Secretary  
Ms. Claire-louise Isted  Editor  World Nuclear News  
Mr. King Lee  Director  World Nuclear Organization  
Mr. Ismail Hakki Olcay Unver  UN-Water Vice-Chair  UN-Water  
Ms. Hanna Plotnykova  Environmental Affairs Officer  Environment  
Ms. Sonja Koeppel  Environmental Affairs Officer  Environment Division, Water Convention  
Mr. Kire Ilioski  Director in the Office of the Executive Secretary  
United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean 
Mr. Jose Luis Samaniego  Director  Sustainable Development and Human Settlements Division  
Ms. Diane Quarless  Chief, Subregional Headquarters For The Caribbean  Subregional Headquarters for the Caribbean  
Mr. Adrián Rodríguez  Chief of the Unit of Agricultural Development and Biodiversity  Division of Natural Resources  
Ms. Julie Gail Lennox  Climate Change Focal Point  Subregional HQ in Mexico  
Mr. Victor Hugo Ventura Ruiz  Chief, Energy And Natural Resources Unit  Energyu and Natural Resources  
Mr. Wilson Peres  Senior Economic Affairs Officer  Division of Production, Productivity and Management  
Ms. Rayén Quiroga  Chief, Env And Climate Change Statistics Area  Division of Statistics  
Mr. José Eduardo Alatorre  Economics Affairs Officer  División de Desarrollo Sostenible y Asentamientos Humanos  
Mr. Jimy Ferrer  Economics Affairs Officer  División de Desarrollo Sostenible y Asentamientos Humanos  
Ms. Pauline Léonard  Associate Statistician  Division of Statistics  
Mr. Rafael Van Der Borght  Technical Advisor  Sustainable Development French Cooperation program  
Ms. Marina Casas  Consultant  División de Desarrollo Sostenible y Asentamientos Humanos  
Martin Portillo  Executive Secretary of COSEFIN   
United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women 
Mr. Guillaume Cazor  Consultant  
Ms. Verona Collantes Lebale  Intergovernmental Specialist  
Ms. Priyanka Teeluck  Consultant  Intergovernmental Support Division  
Ms. Bibiana Aido Almagro  Representative  
Mr. Carlos Salgado  Consultant  
Yaiza Espína Meco  Event Support Staff  Capacity-building Hub  
Pablo López Gálvez  Event Support Staff  Capacity-building Hub  
United Nations Environment Programme 
Ms. Inger Andersen  Executive Director  
Ms. Marlene Nilsson  Acting Special Assistant to the Executive Director  
Mr. Niklas Hagelberg  Coordinator  Climate Change Programme  
Ms. Jessica Troni  Head CCAU  Adaptation Portfolio Manager  
Mr. Mario Boccucci  Head  UN-REDD Programme Secretariat  United Nations Collaborative Programme on Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries  
Mr. Tiy Chung  Communication Officer  Climate and Clean Air Coalition  
Mr. Rajiv Garg  Regional Manger  
Ms. Suzanne Tapapul Lekoyiet  Programme Officer  Law Division  
Mr. John Mobjerg Christensen  Director  UNEP DTU Partnership  Technical University of Denmark  
Mr. Kai-Remco Fischer  Programme Lead  Climate Change, UNEP Finance Initiative  UNEP - Finance Initiative  
Mr. David Cole  Head of Social Media  Communications Division  
Mr. Gustavo Mañez  Regional Climate Coordinator - ROAP  Latin America and the Caribbean  UNEP/Division of Technology, Industry and Economics  
Mr. Saleem H. Ali  Scientific and Technical Advisory Panel of the Global Environment Facility  
Mr. Alejandro Laguna  Regional Information Officer for Latin America and the Caribbean  
Mr. David Ambuchi Ombisi  Programme Officer, Head of AMCEN Secretariat  
Mr. Mozaharul Alam  Regional Climate Change Coordinator  Asia and the Pacific Office  
United Nations Human Settlements Programme 
Ms. Maimunah Mohd Sharif  United Nations Under-Secretary-General and Executive Director  
Ms. Zuzana Vuova  Associate Programme Management Officer  Research and Capacity Development  
Mr. Roi Chiti  Chief Technical Advisor - Regional And Un Interagency Engagement  External Relations Division  
Ms. Maritza Formisano  Consultant  Local government and decentralisation Unit  
Mr. Runze Wang  Spezial Assistang to the Executive Director  
Mr. Robert Kehew  Leader  Climate Change Planning Unit  
Mr. Cephas Lukwago  Resource Person  Youth Unit  
Mr. Marcus Mayr  Programme Management Officer  Climate Change Planning Unit,  
Mr. Andre Dzikus  Coordinator  Urban Basic Service Branch  
Mr. Debashish Bhattacharjee  Leader  Urban Mobility Unit, Urban Basic Services Branch  
Ms. Carmen Sanchez Miranda Gallego  Head UN-Habitat Office in Spain  
Mr. Steven Bland  Climate Change and Urban Planning Consultant  
Ms. Anya  Plescia-Boyd  Consultant  
Ms. Christine Auclair  Climate Change Planning Officer  Climate Change Planning Unit  
Mr. Douglas Ragan  Unit Leader, Youth  Youth Unit  
Ms. Maria Alejandra Perez  Communications Consultant  UN-Habitat Spain  
Ms. Monica Patricia Garces Solano  Consultant for Projects Administration  UN-Habitat Spain  
Ms. Leah Namugerwa  Youth Advocate  Youth Unit   
United Nations Human Settlements Programme (continued) 
Mr. Isaac Muasa  Coordinator, Mathare Environmental  Youth Unit  
Ms. Xiye Bastida  Coordinator  Youth Unit  
Ms. Mary Hiuhu  Coordinator  Youth Unit  
Mr. Nicola Tollin  Professor  University of Southern Denmark   
United Nations Institute for Training and Research 
Mr. Alexander Mejia  Director  Division for People and Social Inclusion  
Mr. Angus Gordon Mackay  Director  Division for Planet  
Ms. Cristina Rekakavas  Specialist  Green Development and Climate Change Programme  
Ms. Imelda Milka Ablewa Dossou Etui  Individual Contractor  Green Development and Climate Change Programme  
Ms. Asha Alexander  Associate  Green Development and Climate Change Programme  
Mr. Stephen Edward Cowan  Associate  Green Development and Climate Change Programme  
Ms. Melanie Edna Harwood  Associate  Green Development and Climate Change Programme  
Mr. Nigel Powell  Associate  Green Development and Climate Change Programme  
Mr. Tim Collins  Associate  Green Development and Climate Change Programme  
Ms. Fiona Cowan  Associate  Green Development and Climate Change Programme  
Mr. Francisco De La Torre Prados  Associate  Division for People  
Mr. Julio Andrade Ruiz  Director Cifal Malaga  Division for People  
Mr. Luis Ramón Macua Sánchez  Officer, Cifal Malaga  Division for People  
Ms. Vladislava Sakharova  Officer, Cifal Malaga  Division for People  
Ms. Martha Patricia Goyeneche Guevara  Officer, Cifal Malaga  Division for People  
United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction 
Ms. Mami Mizutori  Special Representative of the Secretary General for Disaster Risk Reduction  Office of the SRSG  
Mr. David Stevens  Head, UNISDR Bonn Office  United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction  
Ms. Zinta Zommers  Programme Officer  United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction  
Ms. Brigitte Leoni  Senior Communication Officer  United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction  
United Nations Office for Project Services 
Ms. Irene Carrasco Abad  Technical Assistant  TDDPS, Technology Design 
Desvelopment and Planning section  
Mr. Atle Solberg  Head of Secretariat  Platform on Disaster Displacement  
Ms. Chirine El-Labbane  Communication Officer  Platform on Disaster Displacement  
Ms. Afrin Shairaj  Intern  Platform on Disaster Displacement  
Ms. Angelica Shamerina  Climate Change Programme Advisor  GEF Small Grants Program  
Mr. Jamison Ervin  Manager, Global Programme on Nature for Development  BPPS  
Ms. Alejandra Moncada  Programme Officer  Viemco Wec  
Mr. Henning Wuester  Director  ICAT  
Ms. Roshni Dave  Technical Expert  Climate Change and Sustainability  
Ms. Gerritje Verburg  Coordinator / ASG  Scaling Up Nutrition Movement  
Ms. Samantha Rudick  Policy Specialist  Scaling Up Nutrition Movement  
Ms. Barbara Rehbinder  Communication and Advocacy Officer  Scaling Up Nutrition Movement  
Mr. Daniel Edward McDougall  Associate Science Program Officer  Secretariat CCAC  
Mr. Nathan Borgford-Parnell  Science Affairs Advisor  Climate and Clean Air Coalition (CCAC)  
United Nations Population Fund 
Ms. Angela Baschieri  Population Dinamics Policy Advisor   
United Nations University - Institute for Environment and Human Security 
Ms. Fatima Denton  Director  Institute for Natural Resources in Africa  
Mr. Bruk Tekie  Consultant  Institute for Natural Resources in Africa  
Mr. Sönke Kreft  Academic Officer  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Ms. Jennifer Phillips  Project Associate  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Eike Behre  Project Associate  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Samet Sevket Bulut  Project Assistant  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Stefan Schneiderbauer  Academic Officer, Head of GLOMOS Programme Bolzano Office  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Himanshu Shekhar  Associate Academic Officer  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Kees van der Geest  Academic Officer  
Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Ms. Maxime Souvignet  Project Manager  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Federico Alberto Sanchez Santillano  Programme Associate  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Ms. Yvonne Walz  Associate Academic Officer  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Ms. Kehinde Balogun  Associate Project Manager  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Ambe Emmanuel Cheo  Associate Academic Officer  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Ms. Carolyn Melissa Payus  Postdoctoral Fellow  Institute for the Advanced Study of Sustainability  
Mr. Mauricio Andrés López Rivera  Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Robert Oakes  Senior Researcher  
United Nations Volunteers 
Ms. Katrina Borromeo  Programme Specialist, Plan Of Action Knowledge  VASS  
World Food Programme 
Mr. Carlo Scaramella  Wfp Colombia Country Director  
Mr. Gernot Laganda  Wfp Chief Of Climate And Disaster Risk Reduction Programmes Unit  
Ms. Laura Isabel Melo  Wfp Guatemala Country Director  
Mr. Fabio Bedini  Wfp Senior Programme Adviser  
Ms. Kathryn Elisabeth Milliken  Wfp Climate Change Adviser  
Ms. Yan Jia  Wfp Head South-south Cooperation, China  
Ms. Jennifer Nyberg  Wfp Head Of Madrid Office  
Ms. Lucía Fernández Suarez  Wfp Communications Officer  
Ms. Giorgia Pergolini  Wfp Policy And Programme Consultant  
Ms. Emily Shirley Helen Jones  Wfp Policy And Programme Consultant  
Mr. Joshua Rahvael Ling  Wfp Policy And Programme Consultant  
Ms. Chiara Trozzo  Wfp Programme Consultant  
Ms. Christine Hendrika Oenema  Unscn Coordinator  
  
Specialized agencies and related organizations 
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations 
Mr. Dongyu Qu  Director-general  
Mr. Mario Lubetkin  Directeur De Cabinet  Office of Director-General  
Mr. Anping Ye  Senior Adviser  Office of Director-General  
Ms. Jiani Tian  Attaché De Cabinet  Office of Director-General  
Ms. Maria Helena Semedo  Deputy Director-general  Climate and Natural Resouces  
Mr. Rene Castro Salazar  Assistant Director-general  Climate, Biodiversity, Land and Water Department  
Mr. Alexander Livingston Jones  Director  Climate and Environment Division  
Mr. Zitouni Ould-dada  Deputy Director  Climate and Environment Division  
Mr. Enrique Yeves  Head Of The Fao Information Office For Spain And Andora  Head of the FAO Information Office for Spain and Andora  
Ms. Estrella Gonzalez  Fao Information Office For Spain And Andora  FAO Information Office for Spain and Andora  
Ms. Eve Lakshmi Crowley  Deputy Regional Representative  Regional Office For Latin America and the Caribbean  
Mr. Henning Steinfeld  Coordinator  Animal Production and Health Division  
Ms. Julia Ivonne Wolf  Natural Resources Officer  Climate and Environment Division  
Ms. Liva Kaugure  Natural Resources Officer  Climate and Environment Division  
Mr. Manuel Barange  Director  Fisheries Resouces Officer  
Mr. Martial Bernoux  Natural Resources Officer  Climate and Environment Division  
Ms. Tarub Bahri  Fisheries Resouces Officer  
Ms. Tiina Vähänen  Chief, Forestry Policy And Resources  Chief, Forestry Policy and Resources  
Ms. Yuka Makino  Senior Forestry Officer  Senior Forestry Officer  
Ms. Marie Denise Martinez  Information and Communication Officer  
Mr. Hiroto Mitsugi  Assistant Director-General, Forestry Department  
Global Environment Facility 
Ms. Naoko Ishii  Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson  GEFVP  
Mr. Gustavo Fonseca  Program Director  GEFPU  
Ms. Chizuru Aoki  Lead Environmental Specialist  GEFPU  
Mr. Robert Bisset  Head Of Communications  GEFCO  
Mr. Aloke Barnwal  Senior Climate Change Specialist  Programs Unit  
Ms. Avril Benchimol Dominguez  Senior Financial Specialist  Programs Unit  
Mr. Christian Hofer  Senior Communications Officer  GEFCO  
Ms. Fareeha Iqbal  Senior Climate Change Specialist  GEFPU  
Mr. Filippo Berardi  Senior Climate Change Specialist  GEFPU  
Ms. Elsa Gabriella Richardson Temm  Sr Specialist  PPO  
Mr. Jason Spensley  Senior Climate Change Specialist  GEFPU  
Mr. Matthew Reddy  Senior Private Sector Specialist  GEFPU  
Mr. Pascal Martinez  Sr. Climate Change Specialist  GEFPU  
Mr. Rawleston Moore  Consultant  Climate Change  
Ms. Katya Kuang  Climate Change Specialist  GEF Programs  
Ms. Malvika Monga  Special Assistant To Gef Ceo  GEFVP  
Ms. Milena Gonzalez Vasquez  Climate Change Specialist  GEFPU  
Ms. Monica Fernandes  Senior Executive Assistant  GEFPU  
Mr. Olivier Besson  Program Assistant  GEFCO  
Mr. Bernard Giraud  President & Co-founder  
  
Green Climate Fund 
Mr. Yannick Glemarec  Executive Director  
Mr. Javier Manzanares  Deputy Executive Director  Office of Executive Director  
Mr. Pa Ousman Jarju  Director  Country Programming Division  
Mr. George Zedginidze  Chief Staff A.I.  
Mr. Douglas Leys  General Counsel  Office of the General Counsel  
Mr. Clifford Polycarp  Deputy Director and Head of Programming  
Ms. Babita Bisht  Deputy Director  Division of External Affairs  
Mr. Raymond Anthony Clamp  Deputy Director Private Sector Facility  
Ms. Selina Wrighter  Senior Adviser to the Office of the Executive Director  
Mr. Juan Pablo Hoffmaister  International Climate Policy Specialist  Office of Governance Affairs  
Mr. Emerson Resende  Climate Policy Specialist  
Mr. Daniel Buckley  Readiness Program Senior Specialist  
Mr. Darren Kalev Karjama  Communications Specialist  
Mr. Sabin Basnyat  Energy Efficiency Senior Specialist  
Mr. Vladislav Arnaoudov  Specialist  Climate Change Monitoring and Evaluation  
Ms. Janie Rioux  Agriculture and Food Security Senior Specialist  
Ms. Andrea Iro  Associate Professional  
Mr. Martin Rabbia  Climate Analysis and Research Consultant  
Ms. Omnia Elmamoun  Knowledge Management and DCAP Consultant  
Mr. Ibrahim James Pam  Head of Independent Integrity Unit  
Ms. Lisa Ann Elges  Prevention Lead Consultant  
Ms. Eunyoung Lee  Integrity and Compliance Analyst  
Mr. Sanjeev Narrainen  Integrity Compliance Officer  
Ms. Jyotsna Puri  Head of the Independent Evaluation Unit  Independent Evaluation Unit  
Ms. Fatima Zohra Moussas  Operations Assistant Consultant  
Mr. Peter Mwandri  Evaluation Assistant Consultant  
Mr. Archi Rastogi  Evaluation Specialist  
Mr. Andreas Reumann  Principal Evaluation Officer  
Mr. Courtland Matthews  Communication and Uptake Associate  
Ms. Angeli Marie Mendoza  Communications Specialist  
Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission 
Mr. Vladimir Ryabinin  Executive Secretary and Assistant Director-General of UNESCO  
Mr. Ariel Troisi  Chair  
Mr. Salvatore Aricò  Head, Ocean Science Section  
Mr. Albert Fischer  Head, Ocean Observation And Services Section  
Ms. Kirsten Isensee  Programme Specialist  
Mr. Denis Chang Seng  Programme Specialist  
Mr. Bronte Tillbrook  Expert  
Ms. Emily Pigeon  Expert  
Mr. Stephen Crooks  Expert  
Ms. Biliana Cicin-sain  Expert  
Ms. Miriam Balgos  Expert  
Mr. Richard Delaney  Expert  
Mr. Tiago Pitta e Cunha  Expert  
Mr. Toste Tanhua  Expert  
Ms. Francesca Santoro  Programme Specialist  
Ms. Anouck Brisebois  Intern  
Mr. Jorge Luis Valdes Santurio  Expert  
International Atomic Energy Agency 
Mr. Rafael Mariano Grossi  Director General  
Ms. Kirsten Gogan  Exective Director Or Iaea Consultant  
Mr. Eric Ingersoll  Co-founder, Chief Strategy Officer Or Iaea Consultant  
Mr. Edgard Perez Alvan  Assistant To The Director General And Deputy Coordinator  
Ms. Camila Polo Flórez  Chief Of Protocol And External Relations Officer  
Mr. Wei Huang  Director-NEPIK  Department of Nuclear Energy  
Mr. Martin Krause  Director TCPC  Technical Cooperation  
  
International Atomic Energy Agency (continued) 
Mr. Bertrand Magne  Energy Economist  Nuclear Energy  
Mr. Peter Swarzenski  Head, Radioecology Laboratory  Nuclear Sciences and Applications  
Mr. Jeffrey Donovan  Communication Adviser  Nuclear Energy  
Ms. Lucia Muñoz Moro  Partnership Iberdrola – Head Of Climate Action And Analysis  Support the implementation of partnership activities  
International Civil Aviation Organization 
Ms. Jane Hupe  Deputy Director  Environment  
Mr. Tetsuya Tanaka  Chief Climate Change  Climate Change Section  
Mr. Manuel Caballero Alarcon  Environment Officer, Air Transport Bureau  
International Fund for Agricultural Development 
Ms. Margarita Astralaga  Director, Environment, Climate, Gender And Social Inclusion Division  Environment, Climate, Gender and Social Inclusion Division, Strategic Knowledge Department  
Ms. Liza Leclerc  Lead Technical Specialist, Environment And Climate  Environment, Climate, Gender and Social Inclusion Division, Strategic Knowledge Department  
Mr. Oliver Page  Lead Climate And Environment Specialist, Latin America And The Caribbean  Environment, Climate, Gender and Social Inclusion Division, Strategic Knowledge Department  
Mr. Pierre-yves Guedez  Senior Technical Specialist, Environment And Climate  Environment, Climate, Gender and Social Inclusion Division, Strategic Knowledge Department  
Mr. Brian Thomson  Knowledge Management And Communication Manager  Environment, Climate, Gender and Social Inclusion Division, Strategic Knowledge Department  
Mr. Ricci Symons  Environment And Climate Analyst  Environment, Climate, Gender and Social Inclusion Division, Strategic Knowledge Department  
Ms. Earlene Cruz  Director, Kitchen Connection  
Mr. Vincenza Falco  Communication Officer  Communications Division  
International Labour Organization 
Mr. Rishabh Kumar Dhir  Technical Officer, Gender Equality And Diversity & Iloaids  Conditions of Work and Equality Department  
Mr. Moustapha Kamal Gueye  Coordinator, Green Jobs Programme  
Mr. Jean-louis Lambeau  Social Protection Specialist  SOCPRO  
Ms. Katerine Landuyt  Specialist For Migration Policy  Conditions of Work and Equality Department  
Ms. Heike Lautenschlager  Technical Officer, Labour Migration  Conditions of Work and Equality Department  
Ms. Tahmina Mahmud  Junior Programme Technical Officer, Skills And Employability  Employment Policy Department  
Mr. Luis Reis Dias Cotinguiba  Social Protection Officer  SOCPRO  
Ms. Ana Belén Sanchez Lopez  Green Jobs Specialist  ILO Country Office for Mexico and Cuba, Mexico  
Mr. Daniel Jesus Solana Gazquez  Project Technical Officer  Employment Policy Department  
Ms. Olga Strietska-ilina  Senior Specialist, Skills And Employability  Employment Policy Department  
Mr. Victor Van Vuuren  Colaborator - Ilo Madrid Office  
Ms. Joaquín Nieto Sainz  Director - Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. Judith Carreras García  Adviser – Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. Natalia Díaz Santin  Adviser - Ilo Office Madrid  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. Julieta Lobato  Intern – Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. María Fernanda Medina Solís  Intern- Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. Sabrina Haboba Hará  Collaborator- Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. Teresa Esteban  Colaborator - Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. Caridad Belda  Colaborator - Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. Belén Calvo  Collaborator- Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Mr. Roger Wolfe  Collaborator- Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
  
International Labour Organization (continued) 
Ms. Isabel Borman  Collaborator- Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
Ms. Isabel Ozores Santos  Collaborator- Ilo Madrid Office  ILO- Madrid  
International Maritime Organization 
Mr. Camille Bourgeon  Technical Officer  Environment Division: Sub-Division for Protective Measures  
Mr. Edmund Hughes  Head, Air Pollution And Energy Efficiency  Environment Division: Sub-Division for Protective Measures  
Mr. Hiroyuki Yamada  Director  Marine Environment Division  
International Monetary Fund 
Mr. Tao Zhang  Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. Ian W.H. Parry  Principal Environmental Fiscal Policy Expert  Fiscal Affairs Department  
Ms. Karina Manasseh  Senior Communications Officer;  
Ms. Erica Carroll  Senior Liaison Officer  Strategy, Policy and Review Department  
International Organization for Migration 
Ms. Dina Ionesco  Head of Division - Migration, Environment and Climate Change  Migration, Environment and Climate Change Division  
Ms. Mariam Traore Chazalnoel  Thematic Specialist - Migration, Environment and Climate Change  
Migration, Environment and Climate Change Division  
Ms. Michelle Yonetani  Consultant  
International Telecommunication Union 
Mr. Malcolm  Johnson   Deputy Secretary-General  General Secretariat  
Mr. Mijke Hertoghs  Head Environment and Emergency Telecommunications  BDT  
Mr. Mario Castro Grande  Senior External Affairs Officer  Strategic Planning and Membership Department  
Ms. Maria Victoria Sukenik  Strategy and Policy Coordinator  Strategy and Planning Division, Strategic Planning and Membership Department  
Mr. Jean-Manuel Canet  Vice Chairman Working Party "ICT and Climate Change" ITU-T SG5 Raporteur, Question on Methodologies, and Senior Manager of Orange Business Services  Sector-Member  
Mr. Philippe Jean Tuzzolino  Environment Director Orange Group  Sector-Member  
Mr. Luis Filipe Penedo Neves  Gesi Chairman  Gesi  
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization 
Mr. Jonathan Baker  Head Of Science Unit  UNESCO Venice Office  
Ms. Maria Rosa Cardenas Tomazic  Associate Programme Specislist  Division of Ecological and Earth Sciences  
Mr. Miguel Clüsener-godt  Director  
Division of Ecological and Earth Sciences  
Mr. Abdoul Wahab Coulibaly  Programme Specialist  Division for Peace and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Nigel Crawhall  Chief Of Section, Small Islands And Indigenous Knowledge; Unesco Focal Point On Indigenous Peoples  Division of Science Policy and Capacity Building  
Ms. Ana Vitoria De Magalhaes  Researcher  
Mr. Peter Dogsé  Co-chair, Unesco Task Team On Climate Change  Division of Ecological and Earth Sciences  
Ms. Manon Frezouls  Intern  Division of Social and Human Sciences  
Ms. Khalissa Ikhlef  Unesco Sids Focal Point  Small Island and Indigenous Knowledge Section, Division of Science Policy and Capacity Building  
Mr. Alexander Dieter Leicht  Chief Of Section, Education For Sustainable Development  Division for Peace and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Paola Leoncini Bartoli  Director  Division of Cultural Policies and Development  
Mr. Alexandros Kirikos Makarigakis  Programme Specialist  Division of Water Sciences  
Mr. Anil Mishra  Programme Specialist  Water Sciences Division  
  
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (continued) 
Ms. Miriam Tereick  Associate Project Officer  Division for Peace and Sustainable Development  
United Nations Global Compact 
Ms. Elisa Badziack  Local Network Brazil - Environment Advisor  Un Global Compact  
Mr. Ignace Beguin Billecocq  Manager, Ocean And Climate  Un Global Compact  
Ms. Katherine Devine  Coordinator, Strategic Events  Un Global Compact  
Mr. Matthew Hunter  Manager, Communications  Un Global Compact  
Ms. Heidi Huusko  Senior Manager, Environment And Climate  Un Global Compact  
Mr. Stephen Kenzie  Local Network Uk - Executive Director  Un Global Compact  
Ms. Anna Kruip  Manager, Environment And Climate  Un Global Compact  
Mr. Jason Morrison  Head/president  Ceo Water Mandate/pacific Institute  
Mr. Ángel Pes Guixa  Local Network Spain - President  Un Global Compact  
Ms. Anabela Ribeiro  Local Network Portugal - Executive Director  Un Global Compact  
Ms. Cláudia Rodrigues  Local Network Portugal - Project Manager  Un Global Compact  
Ms. Vanesa Rodriguez  Global Compact Network Spain  
Ms. Cristina Sánchez García  Local Network Spain - Executive Director  Un Global Compact  
Mr. Mário Silva  Local Network Portugal - Chair Of The Board  Un Global Compact  
Mr. David Villarreal Sardina  Global Operations  Un Global Compact  
United Nations Industrial Development Organization 
Mr. Yong Li  Director General  Office of the Director General  
Mr. Tareq Emtairah  Director  Department of Energy  
Ms. Alla Metelitsa  Chief  Department of Energy  
Ms. Cassandra Pillay  Climate Change Expert  Department of Energy  
Mr. Patrick Nussbaumer  Industrial Development Officer  Department of Energy  
Mr. Robert Novak  Industrial Development Officer  Department of Energy  
Mr. Tomoo Machiba  Deputy Director  CTCN  
Mr. Federico Villatico - Campbell  Regional Manager  Climate Policy and Partnerships Division  
Ms. Karina Kolbrun Larsen  Knowledge and Communications Manager  Climate Policy and Partnerships Division  
Ms. Irma Juskenaite  International Communications Expert  Climate Technology and Innovations Division  
Mr. Woo Jin Lee  New Senior Secondee from Korea  CTCN  
WMO/UNEP Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
Mr. Hoesung Lee  Chair of the IPCC  IPCC  
Mr. Alaa Al Khourdajie  Senior Scientist  
Mr. Andrés Alegría  Graphics Officer  IPCC Working Group II Technical Suport Unit  
Bernarda Arellano  Productora  
Rym Ayadi  Expositor  
Mr. Jesbin Baidya  Information Technology Officer  IPCC Secretariat  
Ms. Ko Barrett  Ipcc Vice Chair  
Ms. Laura Biagioni  Office Assistant - Web Information And Publications  IPCC Secretariat  
Matilde Buergo  Traductor  
Mr. Eduardo Williams Calvo Buendia  Tfi Co-chair  TFI  
Ms. Ines Camilloni  Wgi Author  Working Group I  
Henrique Cepeda  Editor  
Ms. Emma Cronin  Communications Associate  Communications  
Oscar De Pedraza  Traductor  
  
WMO/UNEP Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (continued) 
Ms. Monica Dean  Communications Manager  Communications  
Miguel Angel Delgado  Traductor  
Mr. Sandro Federici  Tsu Head  TSU-TFI  
Ms. Joelle Fernandez  Administrative Assistant  IPCC Secretariat  
Macarena Garcia Cortes  Asistente  
Tamara Gonzalez  Camarografo  
Ms. Chandler Green  Communications Officer  Communications  
Josue Guillot  Camarografo  
Ms. Joanna House  Dr  
Marcela Igleasias  Asistente  
Ms. Baasansuren Jamsranjav  Senior Programme Officer  TSU-TFI  
Mr. Francis Johnson  Senior Research Fellow  
Mr. Justin Kenney  Senior Advisor  Communications  
Ms. Jinmi Kim  Special Assistant To Ipcc Chair  Office of IPCC Chair  
Ms. Thelma Krug  Ipcc Vice Chair  
Mr. Erwin Lambert  Author  
Paulette Lefranc  Asistente  
Ramiro Lopez  Traductor  
Iciar Lopez-aranguren  Traductor  
Ms. Sina Löschke  Interim Communication & Outreach Support  IPCC Working Group II Technical Suport Unit  
Ms. Sigourney Luz  Communications Manager  
Mr. Shuaib Lwasa  Wgiii Author  Working Group III  
Mr. Jonathan Lynn  Head, Communications And Media Relations  IPCC Secretariat  
Tatiana Marquez  Periodista  
Ms. Valérie Laurence Masson-delmotte  Wgi Co-chair  
Ms. Katja Mintenbeck  Director Of Science  IPCC Working Group II Technical Suport Unit  
Mr. Abdalah Mokssit  Secretary Of The Ipcc  IPCC Secretariat  
Ms. Elena Ojea  Wgii Author  Working Group II  
Juan Ramon Pedrero  Productor  
Ms. Nina Peeva  Communications Officer  IPCC Secretariat  
Ms. Elvira Poloczanska  Science Advisor  IPCC Working Group II Technical Suport Unit  
Mr. Hans-otto Portner  Wgii Co-chair  
Mr. Yurii Pyrozhenko  Programme Officer  TSU-TFI  
Sol Quijano  Productora  
Ms. Marie-fanny Racault  Wgii Author  Working Group II  
Leando Ramirez  Audiovisualista  
Michael Ramirez  Tecnico  
Ms. Debra Roberts  Wgii Co-chair  
Mr. Pavel Shermanau  Programme Officer  TSU-TFI  
Mr. Mxolisi Shongwe  Programme Officer  IPCC Secretariat  
Mr. James Ferguson Skea  Wgiii Co-chair  
Mr. Raphael Slade  Head Of Operations  
Mr. Youba Sokona  Ipcc Vice Chair  
Ms. Kerstin Stendahl  Deputy Secretary Of The Ipcc  IPCC Secretariat  
Mr. Alessandro Tagliabue  Wgii Author  Working Group II  
Mr. Kiyoto Tanabe  Tfi Co-chair  TFI  
Ms. Melinda Tignor  Head Wgii Tsu  IPCC Working Group II Technical Suport Unit  
Ms. Renee Van Diemen  Senior Scientist  
Mr. Panmao Zhai  Wgi Co-chair  
Pelayo Zulueta  Traductor  
Mr. Eamon Haughey  Senior Scientist  TSU WGIII  
Ms. Heidemarie Steltzer  
Ms. Jilda Alicia Caccavo  
Mr. Paul Henshall  Carbon Modeller  Forest Research UK  
  
World Bank  
Ms. Margaret Arnold  Senior Social Development Specialist  
Ms. Ferzina Banaji  Communications Lead  The new climate economy  
Ms. Louise Cord  Global Director  World Bank  
Ms. Ana Elisa Bucher  Sr Climate Change Specialist  
Ms. Joana Francisca das Neves Lopes  Consultant  World Bank  
Mr. Joeseph Dickman  Sr Evaluation and Learning Specialist  World Bank  World Bank Group  
Ms. Mafalda Duarte  Practice Manager  World Bank  
Mr. Christian Eigen-Zucchi  Lead Economist  World Bank  
Mr. Stephen Alan Hammer  Advisor  Climate Change Group  
Ms. Valerie Hickey  Practice Manager  World Bank  
Ms. Karin Kemper  Global Director  
Mr. Rohit Khanna  Practice Manager  
Ms. Elif Kiratli  Special Assistant  World Bank  
Mr. Olivier Mahul  Manager  
Mr. Thomas O’Brien  Sr Advisor  World Bank  
Mr. Venkata Ramana Putti  Senior Environmental Specialist, Carbon Finance Unit  World Bank  
Ms. Kaia Rose  Consultant  World Bank  
Ms. Jennifer Sara  Global Director  
Mr. Hugh Searight  Operations Officer  
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Sinha  Advisor  Climate Change Group  
Ms. Laura Tuck  Vice President  World Bank  
Ms. Bernice Van Bronkhorst  Global Director  World Bank  
Mr. Martien Van Nieuwkoop  Global Director  
Mr. Juergen Voegele  Global Director  
Ms. Anna Wellenstein  Regional Director  World Bank  
Mr. Hans Peter Lankes  Vice President  International Finance Corporation  
Ms. Alzbeta Klein  Director & Global Head, Climate Business  International Finance Corporation  
Mr. Anup Jagwani  Manager  IFC  
Ms. Erika Rhoades  Senior Strategy Officer  International Finance Corporation (IFC)  
Mr. Ann Sharon Friedman  Senior Strategie Officer  World Bank  
Ms. Irina Likhacheva Sokolowski  Sr Operations Officer  IFC  
Ms. Elizabeth Medb Lewis  Sr Communications Officer  IFC  
Ms. Merli Baroudi-Kaplan  Director  Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency  
Ms. Olga Sclovscaia  Global Head Climate Finance  Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency  
Mr. Manu Sharma  Climate Change Specialist  Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency  
Mr. Axel Van Trotsenberg  Managing Director of Operations  
Mr. Daniel Kauffman  President/CEO  Natural Resource Governance Institute  
Mr. Narasimha Desirazu Rao  Stanford University  
World Bank Group 
Mr. Camilo Alban  Vice President  
Mr. Pablo Alvarez-rendueles  Director  
Mr. Inty Grønneberg  Chief Executive Officer  Ichthion  
Ms. Annely Koudstaal  Strategy Officer  MDOPS  
Mr. Daniel Navia  Director  
Mr. Gonzalo Pizzuto Aznar  Investor Relations  
Ms. Madhu Rajesh  Director - International Tourism Partnership  
Mr. Jurriaan Ruys  Ceo  
World Health Organization 
Ms. Emilie Eretzian  Team Assistant  Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health  
  
World Health Organization (continued) 
Ms. Carine Cruz  Team Assistant  Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health  
Mr. Arthur Wyns  Science Editor  Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health  
Ms. Maria Elena Villalobos Prats  Technical Officer  Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health  
Ms. Marina Maiero  Technical Officer  Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health    
Mr. Diarmid Campbell-Lendrum  Coordinator  Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health    
Ms. Tara Neville  Technical Officer  Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health  
Ms. Maria Neira  Director  Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health    
Ms. Heather Adair-Rohan  Technical Officer  Public Health and Environment Department  
Ms. Laura Donovan  
Ms. Jessica Beagley  Policy Manager  The Lancet Countdown on Health and Climate Change  
Mr. Ahmad Basel Al-Yousfi  Director  Regional Office for the Eastern Mediterranean  
Ms. Poornima Prabhakaran  Public Health Foundation of India, Centre for Environmental Health  
Ms. Susana Mónica Marinho Paixão  International Federation for Environmental Health  
Ms. Jennifer Kuhl  Project Coordinator  Global Climate and Health Alliance  
Ms. Luisa Colasimone  Communications Manager  Global Climate and Health Alliance  
Ms. Frances MacGuire  Programme Manager  Global Climate and Health Alliance  
Mr. Carlos Zarco Mera  Board Member  Alliance for Health Promotion  
Mr. José Pérez  Board Member  Alliance for Health Promotion  
Mr. David Buckland  Cape Farewell Director /WHO focal person for the Pollution PODS  
World Intellectual Property Organization 
Mr. Peter Oksen  Senior Program Officer  Global Challenges Division  
Mr. Victor Owade  Assistance External Relations Officer  Global Issues Sector  
World Meteorological Organization 
Mr. Petteri Taalas  Secretary-General  
Mr. John Pomeroy  Director  
Mr. Chris De Beer  Director  
Mr. John Harding  Head  Climate Risk and Early Warning Systems  United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction  
Ms. Catherine Thompson  Administrative Assistant  Climate Risk and Early Warning Systems  
Mr. Detlef Stammer  Expert  
Mr. John Kennedy  Expert  
Mr. Emilio Cuevas Agullo  State Meteorological Agency  
Ms. Sara Basart  State Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Ernesto Werner Hildalgo  State Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Valentin Aich  Jpo  GCOS  
Mr. Omar Baddour  Science Officer  DMA/CLPA  
Ms. Roberta Boscolo  Science Officer  AgM/CLPA  
Edgar Cabrera Luna  Oceans Expert  
Mr. Amir Delju  Senior Scientific Coordinator  Climate and Water Department  
Ms. Rose Devillier  Administrative Assistant  CLW/CLPA  
Mr. Maxx Dilley  Director  Climate and Water Department  
Mr. Paul Egerton  WMO Representative to the United Nations  Cabinet and Relations Department  
Ms. Sarah Grimes  Science Officer  WDRR  
Mr. Filipe Lucio  Director  Climate and Water Department  
Ms. Elena Manaenkova  Deputy Secretary-General  Executive Management (EM)  
Ms. Rodica Nitu  Science Officer  GCW  
  
World Meteorological Organization (continued) 
Ms. Clare Nullis  Media Officer  Cabinet and Relations Department  
Mr. Panu Partanen  
Mr. Ilias Pechlivanidis  Scientific Leader  Hydrologic Information and System  Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute  
Mr. Mario Peiro Espi  Science Officer  AER  
Mr. Markus Repnik  Director  Executive Management (EM)  Secretariat of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification  
Ms. Carolin Richter  Director  Climate and Water Department  
Ms. Lorena Santamaria  Project Officer  Executive Management (EM)  Secretariat of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification  
Ms. Irene Sanz Zoydo  Science Officer  WDRR  
Sabin Thasze Purayil  Scientist-D  Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology  
Ms. Claudia Volosciuk  Jpo  Research Department  
World Tourism Organization 
Mr. Zurab Pololikashvili  Secretary-General  
Mr. Manuel Butler Halter  Executive Director  Executive Director  
Mr. Dirk Dietrich Harald Glaesser  Director  
Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Virginia A. Fernandez-Trapa Fernandez  Programme Officer  Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Lorna Julianti Hartantyo  Technical Coordinator  Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Sofia Raquel Gutiérrez Lara  Deputy Director  Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Aghny Techun Arslanian Sonia  Technical Coordinator  Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Andrea García Rendón  Assistant  Office of the Executive Director  
Ms. Zhanna Yakovleva  Chief Of Cabinet  Office of the Secretary-General  
Mr. Beka Jakeli  Coordinator For Member Relations  Office of the Secretary-General  
Ms. Shirin El Tayan Tayan  Protocol Officer  Office of the Secretary-General  
Mr. Ignacio Aracil Arconada  Driver  Office of the Secretary-General  
Mr. David Hewitt  Staff Writer  Communications  
Mr. Alberto Garcia Uceda  Head Of Design  Communications  
Ms. Belén Ramírez Llopis  Administrative Associate  Communications  
Mr. Marcelo Risi  Chief Communications  Communications  
Ms. Cordula Wohlmuther  Manager  Institutional Relations and Partnerships Department  
Mr. Samiti Siv  Officer  Institutional Relations and Partnerships Department  
Ms. Claudia Lisboa  Technical Coordinator  Institutional Relations and Partnerships Department  
Ms. Marianna Stori  Expert  Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Birka Valentin  Senior Sustainable Development Of Tourism Specialist  Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Natalia Bayona  Senior Expert On Innovation And Digital Transformation  Innovation and Digitalisation of Tourism  
Ms. Addaia Sofia Arizmendi Montero  Assistant  Innovation and Digitalisation of Tourism  
Ms. Veronika Blach  Project Associate  Innovation and Digitalisation of Tourism  
Ms. Merjen Meretgulyyeva  Intern  Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Lucia Ybarra Zubiaga  Professional/commercial Photo And Audio  Communications  
Mr. Rodrigo Muñoz Parrilla  Professional/commercial Photo And Audio  Communications  
Ms. Alessandra Prinate  Director  Regional programme for Europe  
Ms. Matilde Duran  Senior Assistanr  Regional programme for Europe  
  
World Tourism Organization (continued) 
Mr. Jorge Esteban Arlegui  Coordination Desk One Planet Sustainable Tourism Programme  Coordination Desk One Planet Sustainable Tourism Programme  
Mr. Valentin Michel Murez  Project Associate  Institutional Relations and Partnerships Department  
Ms. Clara Van Der Pol  Department Coordinator  Statistics Department  
Ms. Leandry Moreno  Tourism Statistics Specialist  Statistics Department  
Ms. María Natalia Díaz  Expert  Sustainable Development of Tourism  
Ms. Maria Teresa Estañan Fernandez  Interpreter  Conference Services  
Ms. Marianne Soulié  Interpreter  Conference Services  
Mr. José Antonio Naval  Interpreter  COSE  
Ms. Maria Belen Gonzales Del Val Subirats  Head Of Conectivity And Visas  Member State  
Mr. Alvaro Francisco Blanco Volmer  Deputy General Manager  Member State  
Ms. Olaia Landeta Garcia  Accounting Specialist  Budget and Finance  
World Trade Organization 
Mr. Daniel Fornaziero Segura Ramos  Legal Officer  Trade and Environment Division  
Mr. Alexander Riveros  Advisor  ITC  
Intergovernmental organizations 
Adaptation Fund Board 
Mr. Mikko Antti Ollikainen  Manager Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Ms. Saliha Dobardzic  Senior Climate Change Specialist  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Mr. Mahamat Assouyouti  Senior Climate Change Specialist  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Ms. Silvia Mancini  Operations Officer  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Mr. Farayi Madziwa  Program Officer  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Ms. Cristina Dengel  Knowledge Management Officer  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Mr. Matthew Trevor Pueschel  Communications Specialist  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Ms. Young Hee Lee  Operations Analyst  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Ms. Martina Dorigo  Program Analyst  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Ms. Yu Sun Lee  Consultant  Adaptation Fund Board Secretariat  
Ms. Violeta Andrea Leiva Milanca  Program Manager  Agencia Chilena de Cooperación Internacional para el Desarrollo  
African Centre of Meteorological Application for Development 
Mr. Andre Kamga Foamouhoue  Director General  
Mr. Obach Medrano Alejandro  Managing director  Skretting Aquaculture Research Centre  
Mr. José Ramon Villalón  Corporate Sustainability Director  Nutreco  
Mr. Nshimirimana Godefroid  Exper en Prévision Numerique du temps  
Mr. Serge Bayala  Communication Officier  ACMAD/SAWIDRA Project  
Ms. Sophie Ellen Noonan  Manager  Company Skretting  
Ms. Baraibar Molina Marta  EXPERT  IGAD Climate Prediction and Applications Centre  
Mr. Babiker Abubakar Alsiddig Mohammed  ICPAC  
Mr. Christian Wilhelm Rynning-Tønnesen  CEO  Statkraft  
Ms. Viga Anita Helen  Company Skretting  
Mr. Hans Magne Adland  
Mr. Michael Christopher Fontaine  Head of Vaccine R&D  BMK Animal Health  
Ms. Diana Miranda Torres  Corporate Director  Mexichem  
Mr. Edoardo Borgomeo  Professor  University of Oxford  
  
African Development Bank Group  
Mr. Anthony Okon Nyong  Director  Climate Change and Green Growth  
Ms. Sonia Borrini  Communication Officer  PECG  
Mr. Francis Daniel Bougaire  Division Manager, Water Coordination & Partnership  AHWS  
Mr. Mohamed El Ouahabi  
Ms. Dana Elhassan  Senior Gender Officer  
Ms. Monica García-Marec  Interpreter  Independent service provider  
Mr. Joachim Marie Heude  Photographer  Independent service provider  
Mr. James Mukidza Kinyangi  Chief Climate Change Officer  CDSF  
Ms. Liudmila Hristova Naydenova  Adaptation Expert  Climate Change  
Ms. Adaobi chinyerenwa amalachukwu Onyenwe  Senior Resource Mobilization and Partnership Officer  FIRM2  
Mr. Gareth Brydon Phillips  Manager  Climate Change  
Mr. Arona Soumare  Principal Climate Change Officer  Climate Change  
Ms. Vanessa Amokeye Ushie  Division Manager, Policy Analysis  ECNR  
Ms. Milenge Davinah Uwella  Coordinator  Climate change  
Mr. Gershwin Douglas Wanneburg  
Ms. Senamy Audrey-Cynthia Valérie Yamadjako  Senior Climate Finance Officer  PECG  
African Union Commission 
Mr. Godfrey Bahiigwa  Director  REA  
Ms. Leah Wanambwa Naess  Senior Policy Officer  Rural Economy and Agriculture  
Mr. Frederick Kwame Ababio  Programme Officer  
Mr. Betty Amunga  
Ms. Amanda Archibong  Partnership Manager  ARC  
Mr. Mohammed Beavogui  Director General  UNLP  
Ms. Kopp Celine, Marie, Odile  
Mr. Haidara Aichata Cisse  
Mr. Almami Dampha  Senior Policy Officer, Forestry and Land Management  Rural Economy and Agriculture  
Mr. Hamady Diop  
Mr. Bouras Djamel  
Mr. Ayoup Zaid Ibrahim Elrashdi  
Mr. Wasambo Jolly Ivan  Coordinator of MESA Project  MESA  
Mr. Gatkuoth Kai Bol Kai  Technical coordinator DRR  REA  American University  
Mr. Abderrahmane Khecha  AU Staff  Rural Economy  
Mr. Alain Koualao  Program Assistant  Rural Economy and Agriculture  
Ms. Jacinta Wanjiku Kuria  Private Secretary  NEPAD  AUC  
Ms. Faith Kalunda Kyungu  
Ms. Pamela William Levira  Policy officer, Climate Change  Rural Economy and Agriculture  
Ms. Estherine Lisinge-Fotabong  Director  NEPAD  
Ms. Charlotte Marck  Head of Finance  PAP  
Mr. Rodin Mvindu Mayengo  Senior Procurement  PAP  
Mr. Chinedu Moghalu  Senior Communications Specialist  
Mr. Shepherd Muchuru  
Mr. Harsen Nyambe Nyambe  Head of Environment, Climate Change, Water and Lands Management  DREA  
Ms. Lucy Nyirenda  Head of Government services, E&S Africa  ARC  AUC  
Ms. Olayide Olushola  Officer in Charge, Environment, Climate Change, Water and Land Management  Rural Economy and Agriculture  
Ms. Teresa Custodio Pinto  Cooperation Officer and DRR Focal Point  National Institute for Disaster Management  National Institute of Disaster Management  
Ms. Ntsiuoa Castalia Sekete  Senior Communications & Media Officer  Pan-African Parliament  
Ms. Rosine Tamuriza Biranga  
Mr. Elvis Paul Nfor Tangem  
Ms. Esther Yambou Azaa Epse Tankou  
  
African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States  
Ms. Francesca Antifora  Junior Climate Change Expert  Sustainable Economic Development and Trade  ACP Secretariat  
Mr. Edmund Jackson  Environment and Climate Change Officer  Sustainable Economic Development and Trade  
Ms. Pendo Maro  Technical Advisor  Sustainable Economic Development and Trade  
Mr. Olusola Ojo  Expert, Food Security and the Environment  Sustainable Economic Development and Trade  ACP Secretariat  
Asian Development Bank 
Mr. Bambang Susantono  Vice President  Knowledge Management and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Woochong Um  Director General  Sustainable Development and Climate Change Department  
Ms. Preety Malhotra Bhandari  Director of Climate Change and Disaster Risk Management Division  Sustainable Development and Climate Change Department  
Mr. Xuedu Lu  Lead Climate Change Specialist  East Asia Department  Asian Development Bank  
Mr. Srinivasan Ancha  Principal Climate Change Specialist  Southeast Asia Department  
Mr. Virender Kumar Duggal  Principal Climate Change Specialist  Sustainable Development and Climate Change Department  
Ms. Patricia Noelle O’Brien  Principal Climate Change Specialist  Pacific Department  
Mr. Arghya Sinha Roy  Senior Climate Change Specialist (Climate Change Adaptation)  Sustainable Development and Climate Change Department  Asian Development Bank  
Mr. Christian Ellermann  Senior Climate Change Specialist  Sustainable Development and Climate Change Department  
Ms. Esmyra Javier  Senior Climate Change Officer  Sustainable Development and Climate Change Department  
Autorité de développement intégré de la région du Liptako-Gourma 
Ms. Adelaida Machado Martinez  Manager  Interaseo  
Mr. Guilherme Moreno e Nascimento  Manager  CEO  
Ms. Lilian Taise da Silva Beduschi  Sustainability  Malwee  
Mr. Inigo Orvananos Corcuera  Manager  Grupo Dom  
Mme Monica Georgina Cinco Basurto  Manager  Educo  Educo  
Mr. Ruben Cors Gil  Manager  Grupo Dom  
Mr. Nelson Araya Urbina  Manager général  Hondu palma  
Mr. Amado Gomez Zelaya  Trésorier  Hondu palma  
Mr. Reyes Reyes  Vice président  Vice président  
Mr. Florentino Hernández Reyes  Vice président  Hondu Palma  
Mr. Federico Vásquez Fernandez  Vocal  Hondu Palma  
Mr. Joao Paulo Ribeiro Santana  Environmental Director  Appa  Asian Pacific Phycological Association  
Mr. Gareth Lynn McLeod  Manager  ALG  
Banco Centroamericano de Integración Económica 
Mr. Miguel Angel Mendez Castellanos  Head of International Cooperation and Partnerships Department  International Cooperation and Partnerships Department  Central American Bank for Economic Integration  
CAB International 
Ms. Johanna Getruda Maria Vos  Director, Strategic Partnerships  Corporate  
Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre 
Ms. Ethlyn Valladares  Head of HR and Office Administration Units  Human Resources and Office Administration Units  
Ms. Zadie Patricia Neufville  Communications Specialist  Communications Unit  
Ms. Cheryl Dixon  Coordinator,Environmental Sustainability Unit  Projects Department  Caribbean Development Bank  
  
Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre (continued) 
Mme Helen Amanda Lynch-Foster  Corporate Communications, President’s Office, CDB  Caribbean Development Bank (CDB)  
Mr. Leonard Alfred Nurse  Chairman of the Board of Governors of the CCCCC / Senior Lecturer CERMES - UWI Barbados  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mr. Donovan Campbell  Sr. Lecturer & Head of Department Department of Geography & Geology  Geography & Geology, University of the West Indies (Mona)  
Mme Sherri Dennita Frederick  Interim Project Manager, JCCCP, UNDP  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Ms. Penny Leana Bowen  Communications Officer  JCCCP, UNDP  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mme Marium Alleyne  Technical Associate  JCCCP  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mr. Linus Cadette  JCCCP Representative  JCCCP  
Ms. Linda Berthier  JCCCP Representative  JCCCP  
Caribbean Community Secretariat 
Mr. Douglas Slater  Assistant Secretary-General  Human and Social Development  
Ms. Amrikha Singh  Programme Manager - Sustainable Development  
Sustainable Development  CARICOM Secretariat  
Center for International Forestry Research 
Ms. Amy Duchelle  
Ms. Mellisa Kaye Angel  
Ms. Stibniati Soeria Atmadja  
Mr. Juan Alberto Chang Olivas  
Ms. Houria Djoudi Niederhauser  
Ms. Kate Dooley  
Ms. Nina Haase  
Mr. Markus Ihalainen  Associate Professional Officer  Governance  
Mr. Stephen Leonard  
Ms. Gabrielle Anne Lipton  
Ms. Julie Grace Mollins  
Mr. Daniel Murdiyarso  Principal Scientist  Climate Change and Energy  CIFOR  
Mr. Kamaluddin Prawiranegara  
Ms. Rosa Maria Roman Cuesta  
Ms. Levania Santoso  
Ms. Christina Schwöppe  
Ms. Judith Marie Katharina Sonneck  
Ms. Pham Thu Thuy  
Mr. Jeremy Van Loon  
CGIAR System Organization 
Mr. Bruce Morgan Campbell  Program Director  Program Management Unit  
Mr. Dhanush Arayamparambil Dinesh  Global Policy Engagement Manager  PMU  CCAFS  
Ms. Imelda Bacudo  
Mr. Ciniro Costa Junior  Science Officer  CCAFS/CGIAR  
Mr. Sean Mattson  Global Communications Officer  Communications  Centro Internacional de Agricultura Tropical  
Mr. Diego  Osorio   Head of Partnerships and Resource Mobilisation  Programme Management Unit  CCAFS/CGIAR  
Mr. Juan Lucas Restrepo  Director General  Office of the Director General  CGIAR - Bioversity International  
Ms. Ratih Septivita  Global Events Manager  PMU  
Ms. Marissa Van Epp  Global Communications and Knowledge Manager  Program Management Unit  
Ms. Leanne Zeppenfeldt   Communications Student Assistant   Communications   
Comisión Centroamericana de Ambiente y Desarrollo 
Mr. Salvador Ernesto Nieto  Executive Secretary  
Mr. Raúl Ernesto Artiga Colato  Climate Change Advisor  Executive Secretariat  
Mr. Mario Arturo Escobedo López  Climate Change Advisor  Executive Secretariat  
Mr. Gandhi Ricardo Montoya Blandón  Climate Change Advisor  Executive Secretariat  
  
Comisión Centroamericana de Ambiente y Desarrollo (continued) 
Ms. Otilia Ramos de Rivera  Climate Change Advisor  Executive Secretariat  
Comité permanent inter-états de lutte contre la sécheresse au Sahel 
Mr. Ali Abdou  Expert Hydrologue  CRA  
Mr. Adoul Aziz Boubacar Manaissara  Communicateur  CRA  
M. Maguette Kaire  Expert Forestier  Agrhymet  
Mr. Souleymane Ouedraogo  Directeur Général du CRA  CRA  
Mr. Ndoye Saliou Gaye  Expert  Agrhymet  
Mr. Seydou Traore  Coordonnateur du Projet SAWIDRA  CRA  
Mr. Philippe Zoungrana  Coordonnateur PRA/GRN-CC  
Commonwealth Secretariat 
Ms. The Rt Hon Patricia Scotland QC  Secretary-General of the Commonwealth  
Mr. Senyo Kwashi Agbohlah  Deputy Head of Office  Office of the Secretary General  
Ms. Pamella McLaren  Acting Senior Director  Economic, Youth and Sustainable Development Directorate  
Mr. Unnikrishnan Divakaran Nair  Head of Climate Change  Economic, Youth and Sustainable Development Directorate  
Mr. Bilal Anwar  General Manager  Commonwealth Climate Finance Access Hub  
Mr. Nicholas John Hardman-Mountford  Head of Oceans and Natural Resources  Trade, Oceans and Natural Resources Directorate  
Ms. Amelia Kinahoi Siamomua  Head of Gender  Economic, Youth and Sustainable Development Directorate  
Ms. Heidi Prislan  Adviser, Commonwealth Blue Charter  Trade, Oceans and Natural Resources Directorate  
Ms. Josephine Latu-Sanft  Senior Communications Officer  Communications Division  
Ms. Sharon Chepkorir Ng’etich  Research Officer, Climate Change  Economic, Youth and Sustainable Development Directorate  
Mr. Lawrence Muli  Consultant  Economic, Youth and Sustainable Development Directorate  
Convention on Wetlands of International Importance especially as Waterfowl Habitat 
Mr. Francisco Rilla  Director Science and Policy  Secretariat of the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands  
Mr. Tobias Salathe  Senior Regional Advisor - Europe  Ramsar Convention Secretariat  
Corporación Andina de Fomento 
Mr. Jose Antonio Garcia Belaunde  Director Representantive  Europe Office  Corporación Andina de Fomento  
Mr. Julian Octavio Suarez  Vice-President  
Sustainability  Corporación Andina de Fomento  
Mr. Ignacio Andino  Director  Business Development  Corporación Andina de Fomento  
Sra. María Mercedes Blazquez Vargas  
Ms. Adriana Carolina Cortes Cardona  Principal Executive  Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Ubaldo Elizondo  Principal Executive  Sustainability, Inclusion and Climate Change  
Mr. José Galindo  CEO  Green Projects Ecuador  Mentefactura  
Mr. Rene Gomez-Garcia  Principal Executive  Environment and Climate Change Department  
Ms. Moraima Hernandez  Administrative Officer  Europe Office  
Ms. Africa Hernández Graham  Official  Europe Office  Corporación Andina de Fomento  
Ms. Maria Lahore  Principal Executive  Europe Office  Corporación Andina de Fomento  
Mr. Alejandro Miranda  Principal Executive  Environment and Climate Change Department  
Ms. Karla Molina  Executive  Europe Office  Corporación Andina de Fomento  
Mr. Jaime Ribalaygua Batalla  Fundación para la Investigación del Clima  
  
Corporación Andina de Fomento (continued) 
Mr. Alejandro Sabarich Scattaglia  Analyst  Europe Office  Corporación Andina de Fomento  
Council of Europe 
Mme Jennifer De Temmerman  Member of parliament  Parliamentary Assembly  
Ms. Aiste Ramanauskaite  Secretary to the Committee on Social Affairs, Health and Sustainable Development  Parliamentary Assembly  Council of Europe  
Council of Europe Development Bank 
Sra. Rosa María Sánchez-Yebra Alonso  Vice-Governor  
East African Community 
Mr. Dismas Laurean Mwikila  Climate Change Adaptation Specialist  Environment and Natural Resources  
Economic Community of Central African States 
Mr. Dominique Kuitsouc  Disaster Risk Management & Climate Change Adaptation Regional Coordinator  Intégration Physique, Economique et Monétaire  Communauté Economique des Etats de I’Afrique Centrale  
Mr. Appollinaire Adonis Moudouma  Chairperson REPARC  Central Africa Parliamentarian Network for Disaster Resilience  
Mr. Semingar Ngaryamngaye  Disaster Risks Management Expert  Department of Physical, Economic 
and Monetary Integration (DIPEM)  
Ms. Céline Keubou Kuematsa  Disaster Risks Management Junior Expert  Department of Physical, Economic and Monetary Integration (DIPEM)  
Mme Paule Kadja Traore  Journalist  Economic Community of Central Africa States  
Economic Community of West African States 
Mr. Sékou Sangaré  Commissioner Agriculture, Environment & Water Resources  Agriculture, Environment & Water Resources  
Mr. Johnson Boanuh  Director, Environment and Natural Resources  Agriculture, Environment & Water Resources  
Mme Cecile Lola Denise Celine Vivien  Technical Assistant  GCCA+ Project West Africa  
Mr. Dethie Soumare Ndiaye  Technical Assistant  GCCA+ West Africa Project  
Mr. Yao Bernard Koffi  Principal Programme Officer, Environment & Climate Change  Agriculture, Environment and Water Resources  
Mr. Wendintare Fabris Compaore  Monitoring & Evaluation Officer  GCCA+ West Africa Project  
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 
Mr. Johannes van de Ven  Associate Director, Head of Carbon Markets  Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Mr. Josué Tanaka  Managing Director  
Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Mr. Luc Dean Ryan Alexander  Associate  Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Ms. Vanora Bennett  Green spokeswoman  Media Relations  
Mr. Andreas Biermann  Senior Adviser to MD  Sustainable Infrastructure Group  
Ms. Maria Anna Jacoba Birken  General Counsel  Office of General Counsel  
Mr. Russell Austin Bishop  Principal Economist  Economics, Policy & Governance  
Ms. Maria Isabel Blanco Alvarez  Associate Director, Senior Sector Economist  Economics, Policy and Governance  
Mr. Carel Cornelis Henri Cronenberg  Associate Director  Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Mr. Craig Davies  Associate Director  Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Ms. Angela Delfino  Senior Counsel  Legal  
Mr. Alexis Rodolfo Franke  Principal  Donor Co-financing  
Mr. Dzmitry Halubouski  Associate, Climate Finance  Banking, Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Ms. Vesselina Haralampieva  Principal Counsel  Legal Transition  
  
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (continued) 
Mr. Pierre Heilbronn  Vice President  Vice Presidency Policy and Partnerships  
Mr. Nigel Jollands  Associate Director  Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Ms. Sung-Ah Kyun  Principal  Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Mr. Frederic Lucenet  Director  Manufacturing and Services  
Mr. Terence McCallion  Director  Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Mr. Gianpiero Nacci  Senior Engineer  Energy Efficiency and Climate Change  
Ms. Linda Jane O’Grady  Associate Director  Sustainable Infrastructure  
Mr. Mattia Romani  Managing Director  Economics, Policy and Governance  
European Forest Institute 
Ms. Valérie Merckx  
Ms. Adeline Dontenville  European Forest Institute  
Mr. Frédéric Baron  
Mr. Yitagesu Tekle Tegegne  
European Investment Bank 
Mr. Werner Hoyer  President  Management Committee  European Investment Bank  
Mr. Martin Berg  Investment Officer  
Operations Directorate  European Investment Bank  
Ms. Barbara Boos  Senior Investment Officer  
Ms. Birthe Bruhn-Leon  
Ms. Shirin Cornelius-Wheeler  Senior Press Officer  Secretariat General  
Mr. Peter Coveliers  
Mr. Adrien de Bassompierre  
Mr. Pierre Deprez  Secretariat General  
Mr. Louis Douady  
Ms. Marcia Fantin  
Mr. Sean Fitzpatrick  
Mr. Pedro Flores Urbano  
Mr. Pedro Frias de Lima  
Mr. Thomas Froimovici  
Mr. Alain Godard  
Ms. Merilin Hörats  
Mr. Bruno Hoyer  European Investment Bank  
M. Christopher Hurst  
Ms. Maria Luisa Jaldon Llorente  
Mr. Fotios Kalantzis  
Ms. Antonie Kerwien  
Ms. Mercedes Landete Sanchez  
Ms. Kristin Lang  
Mr. Edouard Lecerf  
Ms. Heidi Lipsanen  
Mr. Christian Lopez-Baillo  
Ms. Cinzia Losenno  
Mr. Matteo Maggiore  Director Communication  Secretariat General  
Mr. Andrew McDowell  
Mr. Wouter Meindertsma  Projects Directorate  
Ms. Kristina Mikulova  
Ms. Emma Navarro  Vice-President  
Mr. Martim Passos  
Ms. Monica Peña Sastre  Policy Adviser  
Mr. Humberto Perez Cifuentes  
Ms. Paula Maria Ruiz Martin  
Ms. Nancy Saich  Advisor, Climate and Environment  Projects Directorate  European Investment Bank  
Mr. Juan Santiago Vergara Salas  
Ms. Monica Scatasta  Head of Division, Environment, Climate and Social Office  Projects Directorate  European Investment Bank  
Mr. Werner Schmidt  
Ms. Maria Serrano Hernandez  
Ms. Lyubomira Yordanova Trendafilova  
Mr. Marius Vlaicu  
European Space Agency 
Mr. Frank Martin Seifert  EO Application Engineer  Science, Applications and Climate Department  
Ms. Susanne Martha Mecklenburg  Head of ESA Climate Office  EO Science, Application and Climate Department  
Ms. Sophie Hebden  Research Coordinator  ESA Climate Office  Future Earth  
Mr. Thomas Häusler  Head, Forest Unit  GAF AG  
Ms. Sharon Gomez  REDD+ Expert  GAF AG  
Mr. Christophe Andre Daniel Sannier  Head, Research and Development  Système d’Information à Référence Spatiale  
Mr. Florian Siegert  CEO  Remote Sensing Solutions  
  
European Space Agency (continued) 
Mr. Stephen Briggs  Chairman of GCOS Steering Committee  Global Climate Observing System  
Mr. Emilio Chuvieco  Professor  Geography  Universidad de Alcala  
Ms. Anna Milena Zivian  Senior Research Fellow  Ocean Conservancy  
Mr. Steven Ramage  Head of External Relations  Group on Earth Observations  
Ms. Sara Venturini  Climate Coordinator  Group on Earth Observations  
Ms. Maria Lucrecia Pettinari  Climate Scientist  Universidad de Alcala  
Sra. Federica Carfagna  Vulnerability Analyst  Research and Development  African Risk Capacity  
Mr. Juan Suarez Beltran  Grants Coordinator – Senior Project Manager  Remote Sensing Applications and Services  GMV Aerospace and Defence  
Mr. Carlos Domenech Garcia  Project Manager  Payload Data Processing & Applications  GMV Aerospace and Defence  
Mr. Emmet John Fletcher  Head of the Partnerships Unit  Communications Department  
Mr. Armel Prieur  Outreach partner  
Ms. Elzbieta Mironowicz  Administrative Assistant  
Mr. Thomas Mayer  Roadmaps & Future Campaigns  Institutional Space  Airbus Defence and Space  
Mr. Albert Domingo-Roige  Agritech and Sustainanle 
Development Consultant  HEMAV  
Fondo para el Desarrollo de los Pueblos Indígenas de América Latina y el Caribe  
Ms. Silvia Dali Angel Perez  Coordinadora de la unidad de juventud y ODS  Juventud  
Mr. Johnson Hugo Cerda Shiguango  Conservación Internacional  
Ms. Rosario Carmona Yost  Co-editor Antropologías del Sur  
Ms. Eileen Delia Mairena Cunningham  CADPI  
Gas Exporting Countries Forum 
H.E. Mr. Yuri Petrovich Sentyurin  Secretary General  Secretariat  
Mr. Dmitry Sokolov  Head  Energy Economics and Forecasting Department  
Mr. Sid-Ahmed Hamdani  Energy, Environment & Policy Analyst  Energy Economics & Forecasting Department  
Ms. Nadezda Lyubovskaya  Secretary General’s Office  
Global Green Growth Institute 
Ms. Susanne Pedersen  Assistant Director-General and Head of Investment and Policy Solutions Division  Investment and Policy Solutions Division  Global Green Growth Institute  
Mr. Pranab Jyoti Baruah  Principal Specialist  Office of Thought Leadership  
Ms. Fenella Aouane  Principal Green Finance Specialist  GIS  
Global Water Partnership Organisation 
Ms. Monika Maria Weber-Fahr  Executive Secretary  
Mr. Howard Percival Bamsey  GWP Chair  
Mr. Alex Simalabwi  Climate Coordinator  
Mr. Frederik Ingo Pischke  Senior Programme Officer  
Ms. Anjali Lohani  
Ms. Sara Oppenheimer Barrot  Network Officer  Network Operations  
Ms. Eva Blässar  Writer & Media Officer  Communication  
Ms. Sarra Touzi  Regional Programme Officer  Global Water Partnership Mediterranean  
Ms. Andiswa Nyongwana  Programme and Research Officer  
Mr. Leandro Diaz  President  Universidad Nacional de Tucuman  GWP South America  
Mr. Jose Gesti-Canuto  Climate Specialist  
Ms. Konstantina Toli  Senior Programme Officer  GWP Mediterranean  
Ms. Gergana Majercakova  Communications Officer  Central & Eastern Europe  
Ms. Joanna O’Keeffe  
Ms. Yelysaveta Demydenko  
Ms. Elena Margineanu  
  
IGAD Climate Prediction and Applications Centre  
Mr. Artan Guleid  Director  IGAD Climate Prediction and Application Centre (ICPAC)  
Mr. Zachary Kiburi Atheru  Program Manager  ICPAC  IGAD  
Mr. Abebe Tadege Tsehayu  Climate Change Offdicer  ICPAC  IGAD  
Mr. Keflemariam Sebhatu Kidane  Program Manager, DRM  ICPAC  IGAD  
Mr. Zewdu Tesema Segele  Climate Modelling and Diagnostics Expert  Climate Diagnostics and Prediction  IGAD Climate Prediction & Applications Centre  
Mr. Abdi Adan Jama  Coordinator of IFRAH  ICPAC  IGAD  
Mr. Paul Oluoch Ombai  Head, Finanace & Administration  ICPAC  IGAD  
Mr. Yassin Esmael Mohamed Jibril  Legal Advisor  ICPAC  IGAD  
Institut International du Froid 
Mr. Didier Coulomb  Director General  
Instituto Interamericano de Cooperación para la Agricultura 
Mr. Federico Villarreal  Director of Technical Cooperation  Technical Cooperation  
Mr. Manuel Otero  Director General  General Directorate  
Ms. Karen Montiel Lopez  Program Manager  Climate Change, Natural Resources and Management of Production Risks  
Mr. Gabriel José Rodríguez Marqués  Manager  Project Management Unit  
Ms. Kattia Fajardo Torres  Specialist  Agriculture, Natural Resources and Climate Change Program  
Sra. Soraya Villarroya Gordon  Encargada  Oficina Permanente en Europa  
Sra. Irene Alonso Placer  Técnico en Alianzas Estratégicas  Oficina Permanente en Europa  
Ms. Artemisa Cifuentes Quezada  Consultora en comunicación  Oficina Permanente en Europa  
Sra. Teresa Latorre Carrascosa  Consultora Cambio Climático  
Ms. Amanda Blanca Fernández  Proyectos Especiales  Asociación  
Mr. Tomás Abadía Vicente  Consultor  
Mr. Muhammad Akbar Ibrahim  Director General  General Directorate  Centro Agronómico Tropical de Investigación y Enseñanza  
Mr. Roberto Quiroz  Director de Alianzas Estratégicas y Movilización de Recursos  Centro Agronómico Tropical de Investigación y Enseñanza  
Mr. Adrian Flores Aguilar  Especialista en Políticas de Cambio Climático  Consejo Agropecuario Centroamericano  
Integrated Carbon Observation System European Research Infrastructure Consortium   
Mr. Werner Leo Kutsch  Director General  Integrated Carbon Observation System European Research Infrastructure Consortium  
Mr. Emmanuel Salmon  Head of International Cooperation  Integrated Carbon Observation System European Research Infrastructure Consortium  
Sr. Melchor Gonzalez Davila  
Inter-American Development Bank 
Ms. Amal-Lee Amin  Chief, Climate Change and Sustainability Division  
Mr. Federico Brusa  Specialist  Climate Change Division  
Ms. Gema Sacristan Postigo  Inter-American Investment Corporation  
Ms. Hilen Gabriela Meirovich  Head of Climate  INO  
Mr. Juan Pablo Bonilla Arboleda  Climate Change & Sustainable Development Sector Manager  
Ms. Maricarmen Esquivel Gallegos  
Mr. Giovanni Leo Frisari  CCS  
Mr. Juan Antonio Ketterer Juanico  
Ms. Maria Camila Uribe Sanchez  
Ms. Grace Helen Guinand  KIC  
Mr. Sebastian Visotsky  
Ms. Daniella Restrepo Duarte  
  
Inter-American Development Bank (continued) 
Ms. Ana Maria Salas Montes  
Mr. Santiago Antonio Fittipaldi  
Mr. D. Luis Alberto Moreno  Presidente  PRE  
Mr. Ignacio Corlazzoli  Country Rep Europe  
Ms. Esther Rodríguez Fernández  
Ms. Carla Cristina Fernandez Duran Gortazar  
Mr. Alessandro Giacci  
Mr. Pelayo Maestre Armada  
Mr. Philipp Trummer  
Ms. Olga Moreno de Tejada María Forgas  
Ms. Karen Dayana Gonzalez Morillo  
Ms. María de la Concepción Galiana Benito  
Ms. Marta Catalina Restrepo Carvajal  
Mr. Federico Andres Gutierrez Zuluaga  
Ms. Sandra Monica Nedov Rodriguez  
Mr. Juan De Antonio Rubio  Cabify  
Mr. Juan Jose Estrada Toledo  Kingo Energy  
Mr. Aron Betru  Milken Institute  
Mr. David Perez Piñeiro  Cabify  
Mr. Angel Niño Quesada  
Mr. Pedro Gonzalez Torroba  
Mr. Fernando Alberto Herrero Acebes  
Mr. Ramon Luis Zamora Martinez  MonZamora  
Mr. Cesar Urbina Vitoria  Iralta  
Mr. Angel Urbina Vitoria  Iralta  
Ms. Sofia Rodriguez Rodriguez  Iralta  
Ms. Natalia Carfi  Open Data Charter  
Ms. Martha Liliana Jaramillo Pazmiño  
Mr. Patricio Alejandro Parra Contreras  
Ms. Maria Loreto Bresky Ruiz  
Mr. Jose Gregorio Blanca Aguilar  
Ms. Veronica Cartin Ulloa  
Mr. Seamus Paul Finn  
Mr. Iker Larrea Ereño  
Ms. Pauline Valerie Anne Catherine Ledermann  
Mr. Claudio Isaias Meirovich Montrull  
Ms. Catherine Leslie Parker  REIL  
Ms. Alicia Irene Perez-Porro Rodriguez  
Mr. Fernando Saiz Martinez  
Inter-Parliamentary Union 
Ms. Gabriela Cuevas Barron  President  Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Ms. Aleksandra Blagojevic  Programme Officer for International Development  
Ms. Birgit Rudolph  
International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas  
Mr. Vinay Nangia  Team Lead - Soil, Water, and Agronomy  
International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development 
Mr. David James Molden  Director General  Directorate  
Mr. Philippus Wester  Regional Programme Manager  Mountain Knowledge & Action Networks  
Ms. Carolina Adler  Executive Director  Research  Mountain Research Initiative  
Ms. Eri Saikawa  Associate Professor  Research  Emory University  
Mr. Brij Mohan Singh Rathore  Chief  Livelihood  International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development  
Mr. Anirudh Krishnan  
Ms. Nanki Kaur  Programme Manager  Livelihood  International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development  
International Centre for Research in Agroforestry 
Mr. Peter Minang  Science Domain Leader and Global Coordinator  SD5 - Environmental Services and ASB  
Mr. Dennis Philip Garrity  Drylands Ambassador, Senior Fellow  UN Convention to Combat Desertification  
Ms. Preeti Sinha  CEO, FFD Ventures  Financing for Development  World Agroforestry Centre  
Mr. Andrew David Colin  Chief of Staff and Strategy in AGRA  Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa  
Mr. Joao Frederico Da Silva Brandão  Scientist, Jurisdictional REDD+ project  TNC in Pará State  
  
International Centre for Research in Agroforestry (continued) 
Mr. Lalisa Alemayehu Duguma  Research Scientist  Landscapes Theme  World Agroforestry Centre  
Ms. Jeanne Lee Finestone  Head of Communication  Communications  World Agroforestry Centre, ICRAF  
Mr. Robert Frederick Finlayson  Senior Strategic Communication and Liaison Administration  Communications  World Agroforestry Centre  
Ms. Joyce Mulekye Kasyoki  Senior, Programme and Projects Administration  Environmental Services and ASB Partnership Programme, ICRAF  
Ms. Christine Anne Lamanna  Climate Change Decision Scientist  Soils Theme  
Mr. Andrew Miccolis  Country Coordinator  ICRAF Brazil  
Mr. Assan Ng’ombe  Resilience Officer  AGRA  
International Cocoa Organization  
Ms. Charlotte Camille Morgane Martin  Sustainability Officer  Sustainability and Global Cocoa Agenda Section  
International Energy Agency 
Mr. Fatih Birol  Executive Director  
Ms. Mechthild Worsdorfer  Director  Sustainability Technology and Outlooks  
Mr. David Turk  Head of Strategic Initiatives Office  
Mr. Alessandro Blasi  Special Advisor to the Executive Director  
Ms. Sara Moarif  Head of Environment and Climate Change Unit  
Mr. Edwin Haesen  Head of the System Integration of Renewables Unit  Renewable Energy Division  
Ms. Kathleen Gaffney  Senior Programme Manager  Energy Efficiency Division  
Mr. Cyril Cassisa  Energy Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Unit  
Ms. Stéphanie Bouckaert  Energy Analyst  
Ms. Jinsun Lim  Energy and Environment Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Luca Lo Re  Climate Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Unit  
Mr. Christian Pilgaard Zinglersen  Head  CEM Secretariat  
Ms. Rachael Joy Briggs  Special Advisor  CEM Secretariat  
Mr. Peter Janoska  Sustainable Energy Technology Expert  Environment and Climate Change Unit  
Ms. Ellina Levina  Manager of Partnerships  CEM Secretariat  
Mr. Sarbojit Pal  Manager of Partnerships  CEM Secretariat  
Mr. Timothy Edward Dixon  General Manager  International Energy Agency Greenhouse Gas R&D Programme  
Ms. Silvia Piana  
Ms. Rosalia Rivas Saiz  
International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies 
Mr. Bruno Haghebaert  Lead for Risk and Vulnerability  IFRC  
Ms. Marie-Esther Rouffet  National Administrator  French Red Cross  
Sra. Verónica Patricia Rivera Cabrera De Garcia  Climate Change Program Coordinator  Guatemalan Red Cross  
Mr. Aston Oliver Mulwafu  
Mr. Elijah Nimitis Muli  Head of Disaster Risk Management  Kenya Red Cross  
Mr. Victor Manuel Mendez Martinez  Spanish RC  
Mr. Juan Diego Cardenas Medina  Technical Adviser  Ecuadorian Red Cross  
Mr. Kevin Patrick Douglas  Project Manager  Jamaica RC  
Mr. Fabian Arellano Peña  Colombian Red Cross  
Ms. Donna Mitzi Lagdameo  Senior Policy Adviser  Red Cross Red Crescent Climate Centre  
Ms. Carina Bachofen  Manager, Policy & Partnerships  Red Cross Red Crescent Climate Centre  
Mr. Pablo Suarez  Associate Director for Research and Innovation  Red Cross Red Crescent Climate Centre  
Mr. Emanuel Boscardin  Senior Officer, Intergovernmental Advocacy  Policy and Diplomacy  
  
International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (continued) 
Mr. Jono Albert Anzalone  Head of Disaster and Crisis, Prevention, Response, and Recovery  Americas Regional Office  
Ms. Anette Bringedal Houge  Head of analysis  Norwegian Red Cross  
Ms. Catherine-Lune Grayson-Courtemanche  Policy Advisor  ICRC  
Ms. Maria Belén Viloria Hernando  Brand and Communications Director  Spanish Red Cross  
Ms. Mercedes Aguerre  French Red Cross  
International Network for Bamboo and Rattan 
H.E. Mr. Ali Said Mchumo  Director General  
Mr. Borja De La Peña Escardó  Head of Global Policies  Office of the Director General  
Ms. Charlotte Kathleen Rachel King  Officer  Communications  
Ms. Ting Li  Assistant to Director-General  
Mr. Trinh Long  Coordinator  GABAR Programme  
Mr. Luis Filipe Sanches Goulao  Proffesor  Food, Farming and Forestry  
Mr. Francisco Jaime Tilak Viegas  Professor  University of Lisbon  
Mr. Jianzhong Wang  Chairman of the Board  Office of the Chairman  Chongqing Ruizhu Plant Fiber Products Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Xiaoqing Wang  General Manager  Ningbo Shilin Arts & Crafts Co; Ltd  Ningbo Shilin Arts And Crafts Limited Company  
International Potato Center 
Mr. Stefan de Haan  Agri-food systems scientist  LAC Regional Office  
Ms. Ginya Truitt Nakata  LAC Regional Director  Operations  
International Renewable Energy Agency 
Mr. Francesco La Camera  Director-General  
Ms. Nicole Bockstaller  Communication Officer  Communication  
Ms. Rabia Ferroukhi  Acting Director  Knowledge, Policy and Finance  
Ms. Celia María García-Baños Lopez  Associate Programme Officer  
Mr. Dolf Gielen  Director  IITC  
Ms. Arieta Gonelevu Rakai  Programme Officer  
Mr. Gurbuz Gonul  Director  Country Support Partnerships  
Ms. Claire Kiss  Associate Professional  Planning and Programme Support  
Ms. Elizabeth Press  Director  Planning and Programme Support  
Ms. Mirjam Reiner  Professional Associate  Office of the Director-General  
Ms. Kelly Rigg  Consultant  
Mr. Roland Roesch  
Mr. Pier Carlo Sandei  Senior Adviser to Director-General  Office of Director-General  
Ms. Costanza Strinati  
Mr. Sina Tabrizi  Confrences Services Officer  SMED  
International Rice Research Institute  
Mr. Martijn Pakker  Senior Manager - Advocacy and Brand  Advocacy and Brand  
Mr. Mohamad Nafees Meah  Regional Representative-South Asia  
International Solar Alliance 
Mr. Upendra Triphathy  Director General  
Ms. Cécile Martin-Phipps  Director Communication, Operation and Strategy  
Mr. Jagjeet Sareen  Director Finance  
Ms. Fiona Bourne  
Mr. Shishir Seth  Senior Consultant  
Mr. Philippe Malbranche  Director  
Mr. Peter Browning  
International Transport Forum, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
Mr. Young Tae Kim  Secretary General  
Ms. Mary Crass  Head of Institutional Relations and Summit  
  
International Transport Forum, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (continued) 
Mr. Jari Mikael Kauppila  Head of Quantitative Policy Analysis & Foresight  
Ms. Wei-Shiuen Ng  Advisor – Sustainable Transport and Global Outreach  
Ms. Herlinda Yazmin Maguey Barrera  Resource Manager Officer  Central Management Unit  
Mr. Pedro Nolasco Calvet Tordera  President  International Association of Public Transport  
Mr. Anthony Francis Gooch  Director of Public Affairs and Communications  Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  
Ms. Nancy Aura Manriquez Donoso  Encargada de la Regulación de Fuentes Móviles y Combustibles  Calidad del Aire  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Ms. Monica Kelly Johanna Camacho Charry  Directora Planeación del Desarrollo  Alcaldia de Ibagué  
Ms. Matilde Fernandez Balbin  Senior Adviser  International Unit  Ministry of Public Works and Transport  
Ms. Lucia Cobo Quintas  Assistant Deputy Director  International Unit  Ministry of Public Works and Transport  
Mr. Avi Luvchik  Advisory Board Trucknet  TruckNet  
International Tropical Timber Organization 
Mr. Gerhard Paul Dieterle  Executive Director  International Tropical Timber Organization  
Mr. Osamu Hashiramoto  Director / D1  Division of Forest Management  
International Union for Conservation of Nature 
Ms. Grethel Aguilar Rojas  Acting Director General  
Ms. María Angela Andrade  Chair  Commission on Ecosystem Management  
Mr. Luc Bas  Director  IUCN European Regional Office  
Mr. John Baxter  
Ms. Minna Epps  Director  Global Marine and Polar Programme  
Mr. Matthias Fiechter Mohr  
Ms. Dorothée Herr  Manager, Oceans and Climate Change  
Mr. Daniel Laffoley  World Commission on Protected Areas (WCPA)  
Ms. Lourdes Lázaro Marin  Communications Officer  
Ms. Huiyin Lu  
Ms. Cyriaque Nikuze Sendashonga  Global Director, Programme and Policy  
Mr. Syed Ali Raza Rizvi  Programme Manager, Ecosystem-based Adaptation  Global Ecosystem Management Programme  
Ms. Verónica Ruiz García  
Ms. Carole Saint-Laurent  Deputy Head  Global Forests and Climate Change Programme  
Mr. Sandeep Sengupta  Global Coordinator, IUCN Climate Change Portfolio  
Ms. Risa Barbara Smith  
Ms. Jenny Springer  
Mr. Lenin Lider Sucre Garay  
Mr. Antonio Troya  Director  Centre for Mediterranean Cooperation  
Ms. Anita Felicia Tzec  
Ms. Fiorella Adriana Vidal  Senior Forest Policy Officer  Global Forest and Climate Change Programme  
Ms. Kristen Walker  Chair, CEESP  
Mr. Xinsheng Zhang  President  
Mr. Qi Zhang  
International Water Management Institute 
Ms. Claudia Winkelman Sadoff  Director General  Office of the Director General  
Mr. Douglas Mark Smith  Deputy Director General - Research for Development  Research  
Ms. Manohara Khadka  Country Representative - Nepal  Nepal Office  
Ms. Rachael McDonnell  Strategic Program Director  Water, Climate Change and Resilience  
Ms. Aditi Mukherji  Principal Researcher  Research  
Islamic Development Bank 
Mr. Amadou Thierno Diallo  Director, Economic and Social Infrastructure  Economic and Social Infrastructure  
  
Islamic Development Bank (continued) 
Mr. Ahmed Al Qabany  Manager, Climate Change Division  Resilience and Social Development  
Mr. Olatunji Yusuf  Senior Climate Change Specialist  Global Practice Directorate  
Mr. Mohammed Alsayed Ahmad  Manager  Global Practice Directorate  
Mr. Daouda Ndiaye  Lead Climate Specialist  RSD  
Mr. Hussein Abdullah Hussein Mogaibel  Global Lead Energy  Global Practice Directorate  
Mr. Ahmed Faruk Diken  Global Practice Directorate  
Mr. Riad Ragueb  Manager  Reverse Linkage Division  
League of Arab States 
Mr. Djamel Eddine Djaballah  Minister Plenipotentiary  Environment, Housing and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Ashraf Nour Eldin Shalaby  Regional Coordinator for Climate Change and Meteorology  Environment and Sustainable Development  
Nordic Council 
Ms. Mette Gervin Damsgaard  Senior advisor  Committee for a Sustainable Nordic Region  
Mr. Kolbeinn Óttarsson Proppé  Member  Committee for a Sustainable Nordic Region  
Ms. Sofia Johanna Geisler  Member  Committee for a Sustainable Nordic Region  
Mr. Mads Randbøll Wolff  Consultant/Advisor  Committee for a Sustainable Nordic Region  
Nordic Council of Ministers 
Mr. Anders Geertsen  Head of Department  Growth & Climate  
Ms. Anna Gran  Coordinator, NCM Climate and Air Pollution group (KOL)  Export and Green Tech  Ministry of Environment and Food  
Ms. Anette Askerøi  Coordinator  Environment  
Ms. Charlotte Myrdal Engmark  Co-ordinator  Growth and Climate  
Mr. Kurt Emil Eriksen  Senior Policy Advisor  Public Affairs, Velux A/S  
Ms. Johanna Feuk Westhoff  Senior Communicatins Adviser  Nordregio  
Mr. Michael Funch  Head of Communications  Nordregio  
Ms. Ariadna González Navarro  
Mr. André H. Jamholt  Senior Adviser  Communications Department  
Ms. Nadia Korkman  
Mr. Alf Kronvall  Adviser / Digital Media  Communications Department  
Mr. Matts Lindqvist  Senior Advisor Communication  Communications Department  
Mr. Bruno Pedrotti  Head of Public Affairs  Pubic Affairs, Danfoss South Europe  
Ms. Elena Prieto Landaluce  
Ms. Satu Reijonen  Senior adviser  
Ms. Dolores Victoria Ruiz Garrido  
Mr. Miguel Sequeiros Doval  
Mr. Svend Soeyland  Senior Adviser  Nordic Energy Research  
Mr. Bo Storrank  Senior Officer  
Mr. Max Tornstam Gallardo  Streaming producer  
Nordic Environment Finance Corporation 
Mr. Gregory Cook  Carbon Counts UK  
Mr. Adam Ojdahl  SIDA  
Mr. Ashvini Sharma  Special Adviser, Business Development  
Mr. Jesse Uzzell  Climate Futures  
Mr. Paul Zakkour  Director/Carbon Counts  
Observatoire du Sahara et du Sahel 
Mr. Khatim Kherraz  Executive Secretary  Executive Secretariat  
Mr. Abdel Kader Dodo  Water Program Coordinator  Water Program  
Mr. Nabil Ben Khatra  Environment Program Coordinator  Environment Program  
Ms. Ndeye Fatou Mar  GIS & NRM senior Expert  Environment Program  
  
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  
Mr. D. Angel Gurria  Secretario Geenral  
Mr. Masamichi Kono  Deputy Secretary General  
Ms. Sama Al Taher Cucci  Events and Communications Coordinator  Environment Directorate  
Mr. Angel Alonso Arroba  Office Manager and Advisor  Office of the Secretary-General  
Ms. Géraldine Ang  Policy Analyst  Environment Directorate  
Ms. Claudia Belda  PAC  
Ms. Nassera Belkhiter  
Ms. Caitlin Boros  
Mr. Simon Buckle  Head of Climate, Biodiversity and Water Division  Environment Directorate  
Mr. Juan Casado-Asensio  Economist, Policy Analyst  Development Co-operation Directorate  
Ms. Chiara Falduto  Climate Biodiversity and Water / Climate Change Expert Group  
Ms. Lulu Gurría  
Mr. Takayoshi Kato  Junior Analyst  Environment Directorate  
Mr. Rodolfo Lacy Tamayo  Director  Environment Directorate  
Mr. Jorge Manuel Lopes Moreira Da Silva  Director  Development Co-operation Directorate  
Ms. Stephanie Maree Lyons  Policy Analyst  
Ms. Laura McDonald  
Ms. Flora Monsaingeon  Communication Campaign 
Manager  PAC  
Mr. Walid Oueslati  Senior Economist  Environmental and Economy Integration Division  
Mr. Jens Heiner Sedemund  Scf Collaborators Meeting  Participant  
Mr. Aayush Tandon  Policy Analyst  Environment Directorate  
Ms. Ozlem Taskin  
Mr. Juan Yermo Fuentes-Pila  Deputy Chief of Staff  Office of the Secretary-General  
Mr. Robert Youngman  Principal Policy Analyst  Environment Directorate  
Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie 
M. Jean-Pierre Ndoutoum  Directeur  IFDD  
Mme Sveltana Adah Mendome  Jeune leader  Secrétaire Permanent  
Mr. Issa Bado  Spécialiste de Programme  IFDD  
M. Christin Calixte  Coordonnateur  Plateforme société civile Haiti  Plateforme de la Société Civile sur le Changement Climatique  
M. Tounao Kiri  Directeur adjoint  IFDD  
Mme Maryse, Claude Labriet  consultante  Consultante  Eneris Consultants  
Mme Marilyne Laurendeau-Guay  Assistante de Communication  IFDD  
Mme Dossou-Yovo Lurhielle Junior  Leader  Société civile  
Plateforme des Acteurs de la Société Civile au Bénin  
Organization of American States 
Sra. Soledad Garcia Munoz  Special Rapporteur for Economic, Social, Cultural and Environmental Rights  Inter-American Commission on Human Rights  
Mr. Daniel Norona  Fellow  Inter-American Commission On Human Rights  
Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries 
H.E. Mr. Abbas Ali Al Naqi  Secretary General  OAPEC  
Mr. Abdul Kareem KH. A Ayed Ayed  Head of Information and Library Department  Information and Library Department  
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries 
H.E. Mr. Mohammad Sanusi Burkindo  Secretary General  
Mr. Mohammad Ali Zarie Zare  Environmental Coordinator  Research Division  
Ms. Eleni Kaditi  Research Analyst  Research Division  
  
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (continued) 
Mr. Nadir Guerer  Senior Research Analyst  Research Division  
Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat 
Ms. Meg Taylor  Secretary General  
Pan African Agency of the Great Green Wall 
Mr. Abdoulaye Dia  CEO/Executive Secretary  Executive Secretary  
Mr. Abakar Mahamat Zougoulou  Directeur  Direction Scientifique  
Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean 
M. Alain Perea  PAM President ad interim  
Mr. Antonio Pedro Roque Da Visitacao Olivera  MP  PAM Honorary President; PAM Vice-President; President of the PAM 1st Standing Committee  
Mr. Aurel-Horea Soporan  Member of Parliament  Member of the Romanian delegation to PAM  
Ms. Dumitrita Gliga  Advisor  Romanian delegation to PAM  
Ms. Elena-Ruxandra Cazacu  Secretary of the Romanian delegation to PAM  
Regional Center for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency 
Ms. Laura Yasmin Wiehler  International Relations and Development Coordinator  
Business Development and Strategic Plannin  
Regional Community Forestry Training Center for Asia and the Pacific 
Ms. Jenna Jadin  Unit Director  Program Coordination and Technical Services  
Mr. Gamma Galudra  Country Director  
Mr. Alvin Li  CEO  The Kommon Goods  
Ms. Aliya Das Gupta  Head of Research  Research Division  IOV42  
Secretaria General Iberoamericana 
Ms. Rebeca Grynspan  President  Secretaría General Iberoamericana (SEGIB)  
Ms. Maria Andrea Alban Duran  Directora de Cooperación  Cooperación  
Mr. Mario De la Hoz  Project assistant - Civic Innovation  Communication  
Ms. Amalia Navarro Muñoz - Cobos  Directora  Comunicaciones  
Ms. Maria Salvadora Ortiz  Directora de Relaciones Externas  Relaciones Externas  Secretaría General Iberoamericana (SEGIB)  
Mr. Pablo Pascale  Coordinator of Civics Innovation Program  Communication  
Mr. Manuel Sainz Quesada  Técnico  Relaciones Externas  
Secrétariat général de l’union du Maghreb Arabe 
Mme Faouzia Chakiri  Head Division  Food Security Direction  Secrétariat général de l’union du Maghreb Arabe  
Secretariat of the Pacific Community 
Mr. Thierry Pierre Henri Francois Nervale  Deputy Director Oceans and Maritime  Geoscience, Energy and Maritime (GEM) Division  
Mr. Ian Ove Hoegh-Guldberg  Professor  Centre for Excellence in Coral Reef Studies  University of Queensland  
Mr. Tanguy, Paul, Edmond Jourdan  
Mr. William Matile  
Ms. Nilufer Oral  
Ms. Jessie Anderson Turner  International Alliance to Combat Ocean Acidification  
Mr. Mohammed Asid Zullah  Marine Industry Energy Efficiency Officer  Pacific Community  
Secretariat of the Union for the Mediterranean 
Mr. Nasser Ahmed Kamel  Secretary General  
Ms. Laura Maria Gonzalez Laso  Professional Assistant  Energy and Climate Action  
Mr. Arnault Graves  Senior Climate Adviser  Energy and Climate Action  
  
Secretariat of the Union for the Mediterranean (continued) 
Ms. Cristina Moral Urra  Project Analyst  Energy and Climate Action  
South Asia Co-operative Environment Programme 
Mr. Abas Basir  Director General  Head of the Organization  
Ms. Chamina Priyankari Alexander  Programme Officer  Technical  
South Centre 
Ms. Khanata Traore Sokona  South Centre  
Technical Centre for Agricultural and Rural Cooperation EU-ACP 
Mr. Oluyede Clifford Ajayi  Senior Programme Coordinator, Agriculture and Climate Change  Climate Change  
The European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites 
Mr. Jörg Schulz  
Non-governmental organizations 
2° investing initiative 
Mr. Simon Messenger  Director  
Ms. Clare Murray  Senior Analyst - International  2Degrees Investing Initiative   (2°ii)  
A SEED Europe 
Ms. Elizabeth Knight  
Ms. Samantha Gan Kristensen  Sailing to the COP  
Ms. Maria Galí Reniu  Sailing to the COP  
A Sud Ecology and Cooperation - Onlus 
Ms. Cecilia Erba  
Ms. Maura Peca  
Mr. Francesco Panié  
Ms. Virginia Anna Maria Rondinelli  
Abibimman Foundation 
Mr. Alejandro Rodríguez Bolaños  
Mr. Javier Alba Gallardo  
Mr. Jose Maria Gonzalez Collado  
Mr. Scott Hartop  
Ms. Andrea Lino Machi De Caizamo  
Mr. Fabio Parigi  
Academy for Mountain Environics 
Ms. Vidya Dinker  General Secretary  INSAF  
Ms. Riska Darmawanti Subarja  Member  
ACT Alliance - Action by Churches Together 
Mr. Jan Mattias Söderberg  Senior Advocacy Advisor  Strategy, Advocacy and Learning  DanChurchAid  
Ms. Stephanie Joy Abnasan  
Ms. Leia Achampong  
Mr. Arnold Ambundo  
Mr. Dietmar Rolf Brück  
Mr. Simon Chambers  Head of Communications  ACT Alliance  
Ms. Alexandra Masako GOOSSENS  Office for UN Affairs, Geneva  Soka Gakkai International  
Ms. Marjorie Liliana Schmidt  Finance officer  Finance  
Action Planéterre 
Mr. Yehya Traore  Représentant Action Planéterre Malii  
Action Solidarité Tiers-Monde a.s.b.l. 
Mr. Dietmar Mirkes  Coordinator of Climate Alliance Luxembourg  Coordination of Climate Alliance Luxembourg  
Ms. Marbe Luz Becerra Suarez  Coordinadora de Educación y Salud  –  Organizacion de los pueblos indigenas de la amazonia colombiana  
Ms. Zélie Guisset  organiser  –  Youth for Climate Luxembourg  
  
Action Solidarité Tiers-Monde a.s.b.l. (continued) 
Mr. Stéphane Pekala Colles  Organizer–  Youth for Climate Luxembourg  
ActionAid International 
Mr. Harjeet Singh  Global Lead on Climate Change  Policy Directorate  ActionAid International  
Ms. Teresa Anderson  
Mr. Brandon Wu  Senior Policy Analyst  ActionAid International  
Ms. Jenna Pudelek  Media Manager  Communications  
Ms. Isabel Iparraguirre  Alianza por la Solidaridad  
Adelphi Research 
Mr. Dennis Taenzler  
Mr. William Craig Acworth  
Mr. Lewis Akenji  
Ms. Daria Ivleva  project Manager  
Ms. Stephanie La Hoz Theuer  
Advocates for the Environment, Inc.  
Mr. Dean Wallraff  Executive Director  
Africa Centre for Citizens Orientation 
Mr. Jeffrey Michael  Regional Coordinator  Youth Crime Watch  
Mr. Gabriel Adelowo Ojo  State Coordinator  
Ms. Adeleye Bukola Adeseun  Director  
Africa Youths International Development Foundation 
Mr. Tunji John Asaolu  President / Executive Director  Executive Management  
Ms. Opeyemi Marcellina Aderinto  Country Director  African Youth International Development Foundation  
Mr. Victor Ekhator  Research officer  Administration  Centre for Climate Change and Environmental Studies  
African Centre for Technology Studies 
Mr. Joanes Atela  Senior Research Fellow & Head of Programme  Climate Resilient Economies  
Ms. Victoria Chengo  Ms  
Ms. Winnie Khaemba  Researcher  
Mr. Charles Tonui  Research Assistant  Research and Development  
African Climate Change Research Centre 
Mr. Nura Jibo  Secretary General, ACCREC.  Research and Development  
Mr. Sufiyan Muawiyyah Babale  Country Director  Administration  
Mr. Rabiu Saidu Kura Adamu  ICT Head of ACCREC  Research and Development  
Mr. Hilaluddeen Muhammad  Climate Activist  ICT Unit  
Mr. Mohammed Ahmed Kabir Wanori  Commissioner of Environment, Borno State, Nigeria  
Ministry of Environment  Borno State Government, Nigeria  
Mr. Kyari Abubakar  Technical Assistant  ICT  
Mr. Mustapha Ali Busuguma  Programme Officer  Research and Development  
Mr. Abdulfatai Adeshina Aliyu  Solar light Entrepreneur  Research and Development  
Ms. Hassana Gambo  Architect and Environmentalist  Environmental Planning  
Ms. Halima Umar Makarfi  Urban and Regional Planner  Urban Renewal  African Climate Change Research Centre  
Mr. Ayuba Hassan  Member, ACCREC  Administration  
Mr. Ahmad Ismail Mukhtar  Environmentalist  Research and Development  
Mr. Ibrahim Abba Rufai  Assistant Programme Officer II  Operations  
Ms. Jane Effiong Essien  Environmental Activist and Musician  
African Forest Forum 
Ms. Anna Chileshe Masinja  Climate Change Focal Point  
Ms. Marie Louise Appollinaire Avana T. Epse Tientcheu  Senior Programme Officer  
African Wildlife Foundation 
Mr. Charly Facheux  Vice President  Conservation Strategy,Knowledge Management & Impact  
  
Agriconsulting S.p.A.  
Mr. Ottavio Novelli  Head of Climate Change Department  Climate Change  
Air and Waste Management Association 
Ms. Michele Gehring  President  Board of Directors  
Mr. Jack Broadbent  Board of Directors  
Mr. Jeffry Muffat  Board of Directors  
All China Environment Federation 
Ms. Ruiying Zhang  Director  
Mr. Dong Chen  President Assistant  LONGi Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Siwei Hao  Branding Manager  LONGi Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Jijiang He  deputy director  Tsinghua University  
Ms. Chong Li  Director assistant  China Chain Store & Franchise Association  
Mr. Feng Li  Branding Director  LONGi Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Yin Tao  Chief  Guangzhou Municipal Local Financial Supervision and Administration Chief  
Ms. Wenhua Wang  Director  China Chain Store & Franchise Association  
Mr. Zheming Xing  Communication Manager  
Ms. Fan Zhang  Director  
All India Women’s Conference 
Ms. Kalyani Raj  Secretary General  Head of Delegation  
Ms. Manju Kak  Treasurer, AIWC  Accounts  
Alliance to Save Energy 
Ms. Laura Van Wie McGrory  Vice President Strategic Initiatives  
Mr. John Lipsky  Senior Fellow  Foreign Policy Institute  Johns Hopkins University  
Ms. Jennifer Layke  Global Director  Energy Program  World Resources Institute  
Ms. Virginie Letschert  Researcher  International Energy Analysis  Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory  
Amazon Environmental Research Institute 
Mr. André Loubet Guimarães  Executive Director  
Ms. Cristina Dias da Silva Amorim  Communication Supervisor  
Mr. Eugênio de Sousa Pantoja  
Amazon Institute of People and the Environment 
Sra. Brenda Brito do Carmo  Associate Researcher  Research  
Sra. Carolina Elia Genin  WRI  
Mr. Caio de Souza Borges  Instituto Clima e Sociedade - ICS  
Mr. Gabriel Henrique Lui  Instituto Clima e Sociedade - ICS  
Sra. Cassia Christe Jesus  
Amazon Watch 
Ms. Leila Salazar López  Executive Director  Amazon Watch  
Mr. Peter Bokor  
Mr. Leonardo Cerda  Hahku  
Mr. Emilio Paolo Chong Paez  
Mr. Tiam Yankuam Escobar Sirén  
Ms. Patricia Gualinga  
Mr. Kevin Koenig  Ecuador Program Director  Amazon Watch  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Larrea Maldonado  
Ms. Brittany Neff  
Mr. Uyunkar Domingo Peas  
Mr. Ninawa Pereira Nunes  
Mr. Vladimir Pinto Lopez  
Ms. Atossa Soltani  
Mr. Jaime Vargas  
American Anthropological Association 
Ms. Julie Raymond  International Climate Change Liaison  Political Science  
Ms. Naveeda Khan  Associate Professor  Anthropology Dept - Johns Hopkins University  
Ms. Cynthia Isenhour  Associate Professor  Anthropology/Climate Change Institute  University of Maine  
American Anthropological Association (continued) 
Ms. Sarah Strauss  Professor  Anthropology  Brown University  
Ms. Katherine Elaine Long  East Asian Studies  Cornell University  
Ms. Hannah Katharine Contreras  East Asian Studies  Cornell University  
Mr. Christopher Galantino  Eastern Asian Studies  Cornell University  
American Chemical Society 
Mr. Lucas Isaac Frye  
Mr. Connor Crowe  
Mr. John Nicholas Green  
Ms. Kristian Gary Gubsch  
Ms. Haley Davis  
Ms. Yasmin Ajirniar  
Ms. Alexis Elaine Amelotte-Myers  
Ms. Aminda Deirdre Cheney-Irgens  
Mr. Baxter Douglas Whitman Krug  
Ms. Shelby Saunders Toles  
American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations 
Mr. Brad Markell  Executive Director  Industrial Union Council  
Mr. Lawrence John McManamon  
Mr. Tyler Brown  
Ms. Nadina Deseada Brown  
American Sustainable Business Council 
Mr. Michael Green  Climate Change Chair  
Mr. Joseph Haynes  
Mr. Steven Zubkoff  
Mr. Mahadevan Ramachandran  Technical Lead  Carbon Capital Advisors  
Mr. Jennifer Mahler  
Mr. Jonah Kurman Faber  
American University 
Ms. Amanda Hofstaedter  Graduate Student  
Ms. Torre Ippolito  Graduate Student  
Ms. Sarah Beddawi  Graduate Student  
Ms. Arin Kaye  Graduate Student  
American University of Beirut 
Mr. Nadim Farajalla  Associate Professor  Climate Change and Environment Program  
Amnesty International 
Ms. Chiara Liguori  Policy Adviser  Law and Policy Programme  
Sr. Esteban Beltrán  
Sr. Angel Gonzalo  
Mr. Bruce Robert Millar  Deputy Director Campaigns  
Ms. Marinel Sumook Ubaldo  
Sra. Karin Constanza Watson Ferrer  
An Organization for Socio-Economic Development 
Mr. Shamim Arfeen  Executive Director  
Ms. Pamela Metschar-Kafi  Brot für die Welt  
Mr. Abdul Awal  Executive Director  
Ms. Shababa Ishayat Haque  Program Coordinator  International Center for Climate Change and Development  
Mr. Hasan Mehedi  
Mr. Mohon Kumar Mondal  Executive Director  
Mr. Mohammad Abdul Quader  Assistant Professor  Department of Geography and Environment  Jagannath University  
Ms. Annika Rach  Adviser  Climate Action Network Tanzania  
Antarctic and Southern Ocean Coalition 
Ms. Victoria Collins  
Ms. Kathleen Tellus  
Mr. Logan Gunning  
Ms. Sarah Smith  
Ms. Kate Raffety  
Ms. Eileen Kirby  
Ms. Leah Dundon  Vanderbilt University   
Ms. Danielle Baptiste  
Ms. Esther Eboh  
Ms. Ileana Porras  
Ms. Alice Soewito  
Architecture 2030 Inc. 
Ms. Cynthia Kay Schwartz  AIA, Senior Director of Grassroots Advocacy  
Architecture 2030 Inc. (continued) 
Ms. Terri Suzanne Stewart  AIA Senior Vice President, Knowledge& Practice  
Arizona State University 
Mr. Nicholas dela Fuente  Physics and Economics Undergraduate  Liberal Arts and Sciences  
Ms. Courtney Yachanin  Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law  
Mr. Peter Crank  School of Sustainability  
Ms. Riley Connor  Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law  
Ms. Jacqueline Michelle Kolb  ASU Wrigley Institute  
Ms. Hailey Campbell  Climate Change Resilience Student Worker  School of Sustainability  
Ms. Minh-Tam Nguyen  School of Sustainability  
Ms. Hanna Dooley  
Ms. Amelia Kovacs  
Asheville-Buncombe Sustainable Community Initiatives, Inc. 
Ms. Amanda Laura Rycerz  Acclimatise  
Ms. Maribel Isabel Hernandez Montesinos  
Ms. Caroline Marianne Fouvet  
Mr. Mauricio Gomez Villarino  
Asia Indigenous Peoples Pact Foundation 
Mr. Lakpa Nuri Sherpa  Climate Change  Asia Indigenous Peoples Pact Foundation  
Ms. Pirawan Wongnithisathaporn  Programme Officer  Environment  
Ms. Luong Hai Yen  Center for Sustainable Development in Mountainous Areas  
Mr. Duong Hoang Cong  Advocacy Coordinator  Indigenous Peoples  Center for Sustainable Development in Mountainous Areas  
Ms. Naw Ei Ei Min  
Mr. Hoang Ke Sy  Field Coordinator  Climate Change  Center for Sustainable Development in Mountainous Areas  
Mr. David Michael AU  
Ms. Zahia Bachir  Amazir  
Ms. Rebecca Ann Knight  
Ms. Lucely Morais Pio  
Mr. Josiah Rodriguez  
Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development 
Ms. Kavita Naidu  Programme Officer  Climate Justice programme  
Ms. Christina Suprapti  Climate Justice  
Ms. Misun Woo  Regional Coordinator  
Ms. Triana Wardani  Regional Council member  
Asia-Europe Foundation 
Ms. Grazyna Teresa Pulawska  Senior Project Manager  Sustainable Development and Public Health Department  
Ms. Yeojin Seo  Project Assistant  SD&PH  
Ms. Nur A’in Binte Abd Razak  Project Officer  Sustainable Development & Public Health  
Ms. Jacqueline Cottrell  
Mr. Dhruba Purkayastha  
Asian Institute of Technology 
Mr. Armen Rostomyan  Regional Resource Centre for Asia and the Pacific  
Ms. Susana Guerreiro  Consultant  Regional Resource Centre for Asia and the Pacific  
Mr. Marc Schlossberg  
Asian Pacific Resource and Resource Centre for Women 
Ms. Hwei Mian Lim  Senior Programme Officer  
Ms. Deepa Chandra  
Asian Resource Foundation 
Ms. Juliana Pena Nino  
Ms. Maritza Albertina Carrillo Herrera  
Mr. Manuel Alfredo Guevara Najarro  
Asociación AK Tenamit 
Mr. Stephen Dudenhoefer  Cheif Technical Advisor  Advocacy  
Mr. Lucas Che Ical  Indigenous Expert  Education  
Ms. Ximena Painequeo  Indigenous Expert  Advocacy  
Mr. David Esteban Alday Chiguay  Indigenous Expert  Advocacy  
Asociación AK Tenamit (continued) 
Mr. Malum Braima Sambu  Indigenous Expert  advocacy  
Asociación Ambientalista SUSTENTA 
Mr. Jesus Martinez Linares  President  
Mr. Rayco Antunez Cazorla  
Asociación Ambiente y Sociedad 
Ms. Carmen Alicia Gomez Araujo  Coordinator  Communications  
Ms. Angelica Beltran Guerrero  Engineer  Climate Justice  
Sra. Blanca Maria Margarita Florez Alonso  Executive director  
Ms. Mayra Edith Rojas Rojas  
Asociación Civil Oikos 
Ms. Irene Hofmeijer  Technical Assistant  
Asociación Cluster de Industrias de Medio Ambiente de Euskadi 
Sra. Olga Martín  Directora General  
Mr. Kepa Solaun  
Sra. Susana González  
Sra. Raquel Reyes  Responsable Comunicación  Comunicación  
Asociación Coordinadora Latinoamericana y del Caribe de Pequeños Productores de Comercio Justo 
Sr. Luis Alberto Mendoza Aguilar  Board Member  
Sr. Francisco Javier Aliaga Lordemann  Climate Change Program Coordinator  Programs and Projects  
Asociación Cubana de Producción Animal 
Sra. Lien Alfonso Perez  
Asociación Española de la Industria Eléctrica 
Mr. Luis Alberca Carpintero  Regulatory affairs  aelec  
Mr. Miguel Angel Muñoz Rodriguez  Senior Analyst  Iberdrola  
Sr. Antonio Casasola Garcia  Biodiversity and Climate Change  ENDESA SA  
Ms. Nerea De la Corte Martin  
Ms. Ana Fernández Fernández  
Mr. Eduardo Fernández Rodríguez  
Ms. Inmaculada Fiteni Campos  
Mr. Angel Fraile Coracho  Head of Sustainability Planning & Stakeholder Engagement  ENDESA  
Sr. Juan Carlos García Marinas  EDP  
Mr. Oscar Mendoza Coronado  
Mr. Jorge Pina Perez  Environment and Climate Change  ENDESA  
Mr. Rui Manuel Rodrigues Lopes Teixiera  
Mr. Alejandro Jose Rodriguez Palao  Environment and Climate Change  ENDESA  
Sr. Luis Manuel Santos Moro  EDP Energia  
Sra. Marina Juana Serrano Gonzalez  Presidenta  aelec  
Sra. Paloma Maria Sevilla Garcia  Directora General  aelec  
Ms. Ester Maria Sevilla García  
Asociación Española del Gas 
Mr. Juan Ramón Arraibi Dañobeitia  Nortegas  
Mr. Angel Caballero  Naturgy  
Mr. Carlos Eizaguirre Alvear  ENDESA  
Sra. Maria Yolanda Fernandez  EDP  
Mr. Manuel Fernández Álvarez  Chief Operating Officer  Gas & Power  Naturgy  
Ms. María Ester García Gómez  Naturgy  
Sr. Amado Gil Martínez  Naturgy  
Mr. Eusebio Alberto Hernández Martín  
Sr. Alfredo Ingelmo Torres  Naturgy  
Mr. Guillermo Felipe Jimenez Soler  
Ms. Alejandra Landeira Morillo  
Mr. Javier Latorre Arranz  Naturgy  
Sra. Marta Margarit Borrás  General Secretary  
Ms. Naiara Ortiz de Mendíbil  
Mr. Pedro Palencia de Sarria  
  
Asociación Española del Gas (continued) 
Mr. Juan Antonio Pérez Cuevas  
Mr. Francisco Sichar Moreno  
Mr. Fancisco Sichar Moreno  
Sra. María Nieves Cifuentes  Naturgy  
Asociación Interamericana para la Defensa del Ambiente 
Sr. Javier Guillermo Dávalos Gonzalez  Senior Attorney  Climate Change  
Sra. Laura Yaniz Estrada Vivas  Outreach Manager  Communication  Inter-American Association for Environmental Defense  
Sra. Florencia Ortúzar Greene  legal consultant  climate change  
Sra. Astrid Jovanna Puentes Riaño  Co Director  
Ms. Marcella Ribeiro d’Ávila Lins Torres  Lawyer  Human Rights and Environment Program  Interamerican Association for Environmental Defense  
Asociación Interétnica de Desarrollo de la Selva Peruana 
Sr. Jorge Pérez Rubio  Witoto Leader  Loreto  Organización Regional de Pueblos Indígenas del Oriente  
Ms. Paola Naccarato de Del Mastro  
Sr. Wrayz Pérez Ramirez  Lider Wampis  GTANW  
Sr. Berlin Diques Rios  Lider Asheninka  
Ms. Eloisa Lourdes Hidalgo  Interpretación  
Sra. Ellen Marie Tait  
Ms. Laura Marina Perez  Traduccion  
Ms. Tabea Casique  
Asociación La Ruta del Clima 
Ms. Rosa Elena Vásquez Rodríguez  Project Coordinator  
Sra. Valeria Roman Vargas  Communications Officer  
Sra. Daniela Salas Vargas  Asociación La Ruta del Clima  
Ms. Gladys Lorena Terrazas Arnez  
Asociación para la Investigación y Desarrollo Integral 
Mr. Juan Carlos Gonzalez  
Sra. Marioldy Sánchez Santivañez  Gerente  Proyecto Alianza Forestal  
Asociacion para la Naturaleza y Desarrollo Sostenible 
Mr. Alejandro Argumedo  Director  Asociacion para la Naturaleza y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Ms. Yiqing Song  Chinese Centre for Agricultural Policy (CAS)  
Ms. Yu-Fen Chuang  Chinese Centre for Agricultural Policy (CAS)  
Asociación Proteger 
Mr. Richard Siren  
Ms. Rachael Ross  Forestry and Environment  
Ms. Elisabeth Moran  Director  
Ms. Jana Kluiber  Director  
Asociación Regional de Empresas de Petróleo y Gas Natural en Latinoamérica y el Caribe 
Mr. Alberto Tasias Valls  Turkish Foundation for Combating Soil Erosion, for Reforestation and the Protection of the Natural Habitats  
Ms. Begoña Mundó  Turkish Foundation for Combating Soil Erosion, for Reforestation and the Protection of the Natural Habitats  
Asociación Regional de Pueblos Indígenas de la Selva Central 
Sr. Hector Martin Manchi  Leader Ashaninca  
Assemblée des Régions d’Europe  
Mr. Arne Magnus Berntsson  President  
Assembly of First Nations 
Mr. Dakota Kochie  Political Advisor  National Chief’s Office  
Ms. Emily McDougall  Regional Climate Change Coordinator  AFN Yukon Region  
Association Actions Vitales Pour Le Développement Durable 
Mr. Wang Xu  
Mr. Marc Thorben Beckmann  
Ms. Rosalyn Mata Beile  
  
Association Actions Vitales Pour Le Développement Durable (continued) 
Mr. Sam Butler-Sloss  
Mr. Hetu Chen  
Mr. Joel Christoph  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Ms. Jasmijn Defize  
Ms. Klara Häsler  
Mr. Zunwei Hu  
Ms. Valentine Gabrielle Huet  
Ms. Luyang Jia  
Ms. Jada Lauren Kennedy  
Mr. Jann Kessler  
Ms. Asia La Chapelle Williams  Flood Risk & Sustainable Cities Expert  Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Bin Li  
Ms. Zilin Li  
Ms. Lily Li  
Mr. Mauricio Luna  Senior Project Officer  Projects Department  Climate Action Network International  
Mr. Nafis Jamil Majid  
Mr. Philip McMaster  
Mr. Anand Narayana Sarma  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Ms. Thuy Trang Nguyen  
Ms. Ottavia Nuti Budini Gattai  University of Florence  
Ms. Jing Peiyao  
Mr. Boxian Qi  
Ms. Zhilan Qu  Youth Delegate  China Youth Delegation  Guangzhou County Yuexiu District Climate and Environmental Protection Center    
Ms. Yi Ren  
Mr. Hao Ren  
Ms. Yifang Ren  
Ms. Paula Schmid  
Mr. Johannes Schubert  
Ms. Sana Strahinjic  
Ms. Lea Trogrlic  
Mr. Dario Vareni  
Ms. Stella Mueni Von Sassen  
Ms. Ting Wang  
Mr. Jia Wang  
Ms. Xiaoyu Wang  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Mr. Bo Wang  
Mr. Pengyu Wang  
Ms. Zhaomengqi Wang  
Ms. Caroline Njeri Wanjiku  
Ms. Jialin Wu  
Ms. Qinyi Xu  
Ms. Zixuan Yang  
Mr. Xingjian Zhang  
Mr. Shangchen Zhang  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Association Climate-KIC 
Ms. Kirsten Dunlop  CEO  
Ms. Julie Calkins  Program Manager  Decision metrics  
Ms. Beatriz Camacho Avilla  Team Co-Ordinator  
Mr. Ignacio Vicente Chanza Bango  Innovation Lead  
Ms. Julia Franchi Scarselli  Executive Officer  
Ms. Cliona Howie  Head of Circular Economy  
Mr. Thomas Mitchell  Chief Strategy Officer  
Sr. Jose-Luis Munoz-Bonet  Director CKIC Spain  
Mr. Harald Rauter  
Ms. Felicity Spors  Head of International Affairs  
Association des Distributeurs Conditionneurs Récupérateurs Retraiteurs de Réfrigérants  
Mr. Laurent Guegan  President  
Mr. Pierre Olivier Dehon  Strategy Director  Strategy  
Association des Enseignants des Sciences de la Vie et de la Terre 
Mr. Mohamed Chaouki  ¨Président delegué chargé des affaires administratives et financieres  
Mr. Omar El ouidadi  memebre  
Mr. Alifriqui Mohamed  Coordinateur National  Changement Climatique  
Mr. BELHAND Boujemaa  president  maroc  
Association des Femmes Peules et Peuples Autochtones du Tchad  
Mr. Handaine Mohamed  
Association des Scientifiques Environnementalistes pour un Développement Intégré 
Mr. Daniel Romanowski  
  
Association des Scientifiques Environnementalistes pour un Développement Intégré (continued) 
Mr. Martin Stavenhagen  
Mr. Mouhamadou Bamba Ka  
Association du Gharb pour la Protection de l’Environnement 
Mr. Mohammed Benyakhlef  
Mme Samira Essaki  
Mr. Abdelmajid Saligane  
Association Femmes Bladi pour le Développement et le Tourisme 
Ms. Samia El Baouchi  Presidente  Presidente  
Ms. Franziska Antonia Wehinger  Régional director of Climate and Energy  Friedrich Ebert Stiftung (FES)  
Mr. Mohammed Drafat  Président Club De L’environnement  Secrétaire Général  
Mme Marwa Drafat  participante  enfants  
Ms. Ilham Abida  fonctionnaire  collectivité territoriale  Association Femmes Bladi pour le Développement et le Tourisme  
Mr. Abdelaziz El Alaoui  administrateur  association  
Mr. Mohammed Morad Fazazi  vice Trésorier de L’association  Trésorier de L’association  
Ms. Touria Dafrallah  consulting  privé  
Ms. Sarah Saleh Alharthey  Fes  FES  
Mr. Rachid Anouze  Directeir  Collectivité Territoriale  Association Femmes Bladi pour le Développement et le Tourisme  
Association Française des Entreprises pour l’Environnement 
Mr. David Laurent  Head of Climate & Ressources  Climate & Ressources  
Mr. Antoine Badinier  Deputy Chief Sustainability Officer  Sustainable Development Division  Environmental Defense Fund  
Mme Claire Bernard, née Menuet-Guilbaud  Head of Sustainable Mobility  Sustainable Mobility  Michelin  
Mr. Bertrand Camus  Ceo  Suez  
Ms. Carine de Boissezon  Senior VP, Chief Sustainability Officer  Sustainable Development Division  Electricité de France  
Mr. Jan Olivier  Global Sustainability Leader  Deloitte  
Mr. Sébastien Soleille  Head of Energy Transition and Environment  Corporate Social Responsibility Department  BNP Paribas  
Mme Hélène Valade  V.P. Sustainable Development  Sustainable Development Department  Suez  
Association Marocaine pour la Protection des Aires Marines et Développement Durable 
Mr. Abdechahid Loukili  
Mr. Taoufik Hassouni  
Mr. Driss Lamri  
Mr. Mohamed Laghbissi  
Mr. Reda Laghbissi  
Mr. Rachid Seghir  
Ms. Hind Daif  
Ms. Asmaa Echtouki  
Mr. Mohamed Allouza  
Association of American Geographers 
Mr. John Isom  Lecturer  Geography  University of California, Berkeley  
Mr. Saadatu Umaru Baba  Lecturer  Geography  Kaduna State University  
Ms. Clare Cannon  Assistant Professor  Human Ecology  University of California, Davis  
Mr. Patrick CoatarPeter  Sociology  Boston College  
Ms. Christine June Cuomo  Professor  Philosophy and Inst. for Women’s Studies  University of Georgia  
Ms. Paulina Cwik  Graduate Research Assistant  Geography & Environmental Sustainability, South Central Climate Science Center  University of Oklahoma  
Ms. Miriah Kelly  Assistant Extension Educator  Institute for the Environment  University of Connecticut  
Association of American Geographers (continued) 
Ms. Amy Ross  Professor & Director, LAC Studies Institute  Geography  University of Georgia  
Ms. Aureolus Stetzel  MFA Student  Design  University of California, Davis  
Ms. Deseret Weeks  PhD Student  Engineering  University of California, Merced  
Association of Overseas Countries and Territories of the European Union 
Mr. Pablo Lopez-Herrerias  
Association of Sustainable Ecological Engineering Development 
Mr. Jui-Wen Chen  Chairman  
Mr. Ming-chou Chuang  Specialist  
Mme Hsiang Chuan Hsiao  Executive Secretary  
Ms. Chung-Wei Hu  Public Relation Executive  
Ms. Jui-Yu Lee  Public Relation Executive  
Mr. Fuh-Hsiung Shih  Consultant  
Mr. Ming-Shu Wen  Public Relation Executive  
Ateneo de Manila University 
Mr. Antonio Gabriel La Viña  Manila Observatory  
Mr. Jose Andres Canivel  Executive Director  Forest Foundation Philippines  
Ms. Alaya De Leon  Chief Executive Officer  Parabukas, Inc.  
Ms. Cecilia Therese Guiao  Co-Founder  Parabukas, Inc.  
atmosfair gGmbH  
Mr. Florian Eickhold  Climate Change Specialist  
Australian Conservation Foundation 
Mr. Gavan McFadzean  Manager, Climate Change & Clean Energy Program  
Ms. Suzanne Harter  Climate Change & Clean Energy Campaigner  
Ms. Lidia Thorpe  Consultant  
Australian Industry Greenhouse Network 
Ms. Susan Smith  CEO  
Mr. Mark Bonner  Principal Adviser, Climate Change  Energy and Climate Change  Minerals Council of Australia  
Australian Industry Group 
Mr. Tennant Reed  Head of Climate, Energy and Environment  Influence & Policy  
Australian National University 
Mr. Frank Jotzo  Director, Centre For Climate Economics And Policy  Australian National University  
Mr. Aaron Tang  Fenner School of Environment and Society  
Ms. Ewelina Przybyszewski  Lecturer  Crawford School of Public Policy  
Mr. Rajat Walia  
Australian Rainforest Conservation Society Inc. 
Mr. Alexander Marr  Director International World Heritage and Climate Program  
Bangladesh Centre for Advanced Studies 
Mr. Atiqur Rahman  Executive Director  Climate Change  
Mr. Riadadh Hossain  Research Fellow  Climate Change Adaptation  International Centre for Climate Change and Development  
Ms. Zakiya Shahrood Runa Khan  
Barcelona Centre for International Affairs 
Mr. Pol Bargués Pedreny  Research fellow   
Basel Agency for Sustainable Energy 
Mr. Daniel Magallon  Managing Director  
Ms. Veronica Isabella Corno  Climate Finance Specialist  
Mr. Dimitris Karamitsos  Senior Business Developer  
Mr. Thomas Motmans  Sustainable Energy Finance Specialist  
Ms. Jasmine Neve  Climate Change and Environmental Finance Specialist  
Mr. Pablo Osés Bermejo  Energy Efficiency Business Development Specialist  
  
Basel Agency for Sustainable Energy (continued) 
Mr. Aurélien Gabriel Pillet  Sustainable Energy Finance Specialist  
Basque Centre for Climate Change 
Ms. María José Sanz Sanchez  
Mr. Miguel Gonzalez Ruiz de Eguino  
Mr. Agustín Del Prado  
Beijing Greenovation Hub for Public Welfare Development 
Ms. Yunwen Bai  Director  Greenovation Hub  
Ms. Xiulan Li  Researcher  Greenovation Hub  
Ms. Shuyuan Li  
Mr. Xiangjun Wang  
Mr. Yijun Jiang  
Mr. Hao Zhong  Million Tree Project Coordinator  Million Tree Project  Shanghai Roots & Shoots  
Beijing NGO Association for International Exchanges 
Mr. Shuangjin Gao  Vice President  Beijing NGO Network for International Exchanges  
Mr. Long Suo  Staff  Secretariate  Beijing NGO Network for International Exchanges  
Mr. Dong Wang  Beijing NGO Network for International Exchanges  
Ms. Hui Zhang  Beijing NGO Network for International Exchanges  
Mr. Weigong Zhong  
Bellona Foundation 
Mr. Frederic Hauge  President  
Mr. Vegar Andersen  Vice Mayor  City of Oslo  
Mr. Mark Preston Aragonès  
Ms. Nora Backer Malm  
Mr. Anders Berg  
Mr. Magnus Borgen  
Ms. Daniela De Lorenzo  
Mr. Jonas Helseth  Director  Bellona  
Ms. Christina Ianssen  
Ms. Jane Jünger  
Mr. Risalat Khan  Avaaz  
Mr. Cato Arne Kjølstad  
Mr. Qiang Liu  Children’s Investment Fund Foundation  
Mr. Martin Sveinssønn Melvær  
Mr. Christopher James Millman  
Mr. Theodore James Mitchell  
Mr. Kjetil Stake  
Ms. Laura Stone  Children’s Investment Fund Foundation  
Ms. Irini Vafiadis  
Mr. Keith Whiriskey  Policy Manager Climate Technologies  Bellona Europa  
BHP Billiton SaskPower Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) Knowledge Centre Inc. doing business as International CCS Knowledge Centre 
Ms. Catherine Beth Hardy  Vice President, Strategy & Stakeholder Relations  The International CCS Knowledge Centre  
Ms. Jodi Leigh Woollam  Head of Communications & Media Relations  The International CCS Knowledge Centre  
Biovision - Foundation for Ecological Development 
Mr. Martin Herren  Advocacy and Policy  
Mr. Fabio Leippert  Advocacy and Policy  
Mr. Emile Antoine Frison  
Mr. Cheng Zheng  
BirdLife International 
Ms. Melanie Heath  Director  Science, Policy and Information Management  BirdLife International Secretariat  
Ms. Jennet Ruth Davis  
Ms. Itala Yepez  Head of Conservation  Americas Secretariat  
Mr. Kurt Harald Vogt  
Ms. Yvonne Alexandra Vogt Gwerder  
Boston University 
Ms. Janot Reine Mendler de Suarez  Pardee Center  
  
Boston University (continued) 
Ms. Irene Monasterolo  Assistant Professor of Climate Economics & Finance  Visiting Fellow  
Ms. Janine Ferretti  
Ms. Stepanka Jirina Griffith-Jones  
Mr. Ulrich Volz  
Mr. August Granath  
Mr. Ilmi Granoff  
Mr. Andrew Joseph Kruczkiewicz  
Mr. Emilio Nicholas Oribe  
Ms. Maria Elena Sandalli  
Ms. Morgan Williams  
Both ENDS Foundation 
Mr. Daan Robben  Policy Officer Climate Finance  n/a  
Ms. Laura Aviles Azuga  Young Feminist Fellow  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Tarini Manchanda  Young Feminist Fellow  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Beatrice Adeline Tulagan  Young Feminist Fellow  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Wanun Permpibul  Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development  
Ms. Fiona Dragstra  Project Manager  
Boticário Group Foundation for Nature Protection 
Mr. Andre Rocha Ferretti  Manager  Biodiversity Economics  
Ms. Solange Aparecida Barreira  Press Officer  The Climate Observatory  
Ms. Maria Paula Da Costa Fernandes  Director  Uma gota no Oceano  
Mr. Raoni Guerra Lucas Rajão  Tenured Professor in Production Engineering  Production Engineering  Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais  
Mr. Tasso Rezende de Azevedo  Technical Coordinator  The Climate Observatory  
Mr. Carlos Eduardo Rittl Filho  Executive Secretary  Secretariat  The Climate Observatory  
Mr. David Shiling Tsai  Coordinator  Emissions Area  Instituto de Energia e Meio Ambiente  
Mr. Jaime Siqueira  Centro de Trabalho Indigenista  
Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University 
Sr. Jayanti Murli Kirpalani  Main Representative for the UN, Geneva  
Ms. Valerie Anne Bernard  UN Representative Geneva  
Ms. Julia Grindon-Welch  NGO Representative New York  
Ms. Marta Matarin Francisco  
Ms. Maria Dolores Moreno Luzon  
Ms. Sonja Maria Ohlsson  
Mr. Joachim Albert Hans Pilz  Advisor, Renewable Energy  
Mr. Guillermo Simo Kadletz  
Brazilian Biodiversity Fund 
Ms. Rosa Maria Lemos de Sa  CEO  
Mr. Fabio Heuseler Ferreira Leite  Implementing Agency Coordinator  
Mr. Manoel Serrao Borges de Sampaio  Programs Superintendent  
Brazilian Business Council for Sustainable Development 
Ms. Marina Grossi  President  
Ms. Karen Talita Tanaka  Technical Manager  Climate Change  
Mr. Keyvan Sahihi de Macedo  Senior Sustainability Manager  Natura  
Mr. Fábio Cirilo  Ecoefficiency Consultant  Votorantim Cimentos  
Mr. João Carlos Augusti  Environmental and Sustanaibility Governance Executive Manager  Suzano Papel e Celulose SA  
Mr. Ricardo Algis Zibas  Managing Partner  KPMG  
Sr. Solange Maria Pinto Pinheiro  Diretor Presidente  Neoenergia  
Sra. Alessandra Cerdeira Fajardo  Latin America Environment & Agriculture Strategy Director  Bayer  
Ms. Vivian Mac Knight  Climate Change Internal Advisor  Vale  
Mr. André Lopes de Araujo  CEO  Shell  
Sra. Renata Soares Piazzon  Manager  Climate Change Program  Arapyaú Institute  
Mr. Flávio Ofugi Rodrigues  Director of Government Relations and Regulatory Affairs  Shell  
  
Brazilian Business Council for Sustainable Development (continued) 
Mr. Wellyngton Tadeu Ribeiro Labes  Corporate Environmental and Social Risk Analyst  Corporate Environmental and Social Risk  Itaú Bank  
Sra. Ana Leticia Stivanin Senatore  Sustainability Manager  Telefonica  
Sr. Vinicius de Araujo Lima  Sr Environmental Analyst  Petrobras  
Mr. Matheus Figueira  news reporter  Online News  Revista Plurale  
Mr. Andre de Castro dos Santos  researcher  research  University of São Paulo  
Mr. Eduardo Brito Bastos  Latin America Sustainability Director  Bayer  
Ms. Mariana da Silva Vasconcelos  CEO  Agrosmart  
Ms. Ana Flavia Trevizan  Researcher  Universidade de Lisboa  
Ms. Renata Koga  Sustainability Specialist  Neoenergia  
Ms. Rebeca Tricarico Orosco  Technical Assistant Climate change and Energy  
Mr. Mário Sérgio Fernandes de Vasconcelos  Sustainability and Marketing Director  Brazilian Federation of Banks (FEBRABAN)  
Mr. Gabriel Antonio Silveira Mantelli  Lawyer  Conectas Human Rights  
Brazilian Tree Industry 
Mr. José Carlos da Fonseca Junior  Executive Director  Presidency  
Mr. Adriano Scarpa Tonaco  Analyst  Projects  
Bread for the World 
Ms. Sabine Minninger  
Ms. Lisa Binder  
Mr. Joachim Fünfgelt  
Ms. Tanja Gerstenberger  Brot für die Welt  
Mr. Johannes Grün  
Ms. Janika Kemmerer  
Mme Letícia Rangel Tura  diretoria executiva  Federação de Órgãos para Assistência Social e Educacional  
Mr. Enele Sosene Sopoaga  
Ms. Anne Spiegel  
Brighter Green, Inc. 
Ms. Caroline Wimberly  
Ms. Grace Salau  Councillor  Kajiado County  
Ms. Stav Shaffir  
Mr. Pablo Erick Solón Romero Oroza  Director  Fundación Solón  
Ms. Ifat Zur  
British Columbia Council for International Cooperation 
Ms. Keila Stark  Delegation Coordinator  Global Negotiations Team, Multilateral Affairs Division  BCCIC Climate Change  
Ms. Laura Chen  Policy Analyst, NDC 
Enhancement  Global Negotiations Team, Multilateral Affairs Division  BCCIC Climate Change  
Ms. Skylar Kylstra  Youth Delegate, UNFCCC  Multilateral Affairs Division  BCCIC Climate Change  
Ms. Molly Lash-Burrows  
Ms. Molly Rahal  
Mr. Henrique Vieira Fernandes  Policy Analyst & Delegation Manager  Global Negotiations Team, Multilateral Affairs Division  BCCIC Climate Change  
Brown University - Watson Institute 
Ms. Danielle Marie Falzon  Researcher  Climate and Development Lab  
Mr. John Uri  Researcher  Climate and Development Lab  
Ms. Claudia Horn  Researcher  Climate and Development Lab  
Buddhist Tzu Chi Foundation 
Mr. Chien-Cheng Yang  Special Project Lead  
Mr. Chi-Ming Peng  advisor  Buddhist Tzu Chi Foundation  
Ms. Enting Branda Ng  Special Project Lead  
Ms. Mei-Feng Lin  Commissioner  Deutsch Region  
Mr. Jan Philip Wolf  
Mr. Ming-nan Lin  Vice Supervisor  Dalin Tzu Chi Hospital  
Ms. Hwei Geok Ng  
  
Buddhist Tzu Chi Foundation (continued) 
Ms. Gwendolyn Wyche Alston  
Ms. Cecilia Alvarez  
Mr. Peter Carter  Director  IPCC Expert Reviewer  Climate Emergency Institute  
Mr. Thelmo Luis Cunanan  
Ms. Erika Bottin Dailey  Open Society Foundations  
Ms. Cynthia de Wolf  SharpMarketing  
Mr. John Doyle  
Mr. Rodne Galiche  Climate Justice and Liability Campaigner  Greenpeace Southeast Asia  
Mr. James Andrew Goldston  Open Society Foundations  
Mr. Jaazeal Estelou Jakosalem  
Mr. Nasir Ajmal Khattak  Chief Operating Officer  Climate Institute  
Ms. Nadia Plata  Climate Show  
Mr. Que Marshall Siao  
Mr. Alfonso Soria Perez  
Ms. Regina Valdez  Scientistswarning.org  
Mr. Walter Vergara Rodriguez  World Resources Institute  
Buildings Performance Institute Europe A.S.B.L. 
Mr. Oliver Rapf  Executive Director  Research  
Business Council for Sustainable Energy 
Ms. Lisa Jacobson  President  
Ms. Ashley Allen  Climate and Land Senior 
Manager  Mars Inc.  
Mr. Bernard Tod Delaney  President  First Environment Inc.  
Ms. Judith Amber Leonard  Executive Director  Closing the Investment Gap Initiative  
Ms. Nanette Lockwood  Global Director, Climate Policy  Center for Energy Efficiency and Sustainability  Ingersoll Rand  
Ms. Shannon Manley  Senior Director, Sustainability  European Business Council for Sustainable Energy  
Mr. Irving Martin Mintzer  Director  Closing the Investment Gap Initiative  
Mr. Clay Nesler  Vice President  Global Sustainability and Regulatory Affairs  Johnson Controls  
Ms. Anna Pavlova  Vice President, Government Affaris  North American Operations  Schneider Electric  
Ms. Heather Reams  Executive Director  Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions Forum  
Mr. Jim Wolf  President  Global Policy Associates  
Business for Social Responsibility 
Ms. Samantha Harris  
Mr. Giulio Berruti  Associate Director  Climate Change  
Ms. Marie Pierre Bousquet Lecomte  Danone  
Ms. Angie Farrag  Director  Transport and Logistics  
Ms. Megan Farrell  Director  Corporate Responsibility  PVH Corporation  
Mr. Raymond Gaesser  
Mr. Chhavi Ghuliani  Director  Partnership Development  
Mr. Arthur Gen Kawamura  Co-Chair  Solutions From The Land   
Mr. Iain Keith  
Ms. Alissa Kaye Matthies Tamasi  Corporate Responsibility Senior Manager - Climate & Energy  Target  
Business Unity South Africa 
Ms. Shamini Harrington  
Ms. Jarredine Morris  
Mr. Stephen John Nicholls  
BusinessEurope 
Mr. Leon de Graaf  Adviser  Industrial Affairs  BusinessEurope  
Mr. Olivier Imbault  VP European Energy & Industry Affairs  Air Liquide Europe  
Mr. Nicholas John Campbell  Environment Manager  Fluorinated Products  Arkema SA  
Mr. Philip Nuyken  Federation of German Industries  
Mr. Holger Lösch  Deputy Director General  Executive Board  Federation of German Industries  
  
BusinessEurope (continued) 
Mr. Carsten Rolle  Head of Department  Energy and Climate Policy  Federation of German Industries  
Mr. William Thompson  Director, Energy and Climate Policy, Europe  Group Policy Team  BP  
Ms. Katrin Lisa Popplewell Harding  British Petroleum Company  
Mr. João Pedro Raimundo Tato Marinho  Senior EU Affairs Manager - Environment  Hitachi Ltd., Europe  
Ms. Brigitta Huckestein  Senior Manager Energy & Climate Policy  BASF  
Mr. Pflug Volkmar  Chief Energy Economist  Strategy  Siemens  
Ms. Nerea Sánchez Sánchez  Confederación Española de Organizaciones Empresariales  
Ms. Carla Marín Rodríguez  Confederación Española de Organizaciones Empresariales  
Mr. Pedro Mora Peris  
Mr. Rodrigo Alvarez Alvarez  Confederación Española de Organizaciones Empresariales  
Mr. Jorge Aladro  General Manager  Ancade -Spanish Lime Producers Association  
Mr. Antonio Lopez-Rodriguez  Energy & Climate Change Sr Manager  Repsol  
C Team   
Ms. Jie Yue  
Mr. Kevin Xie  
Ms. Yanyang Chen  
Mr. Tantan Ge  
Ms. Yichun Liu  
Ms. Youqing Wang  
C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group 
Ms. Agathe Cavicchioli  City Diplomacy Manager / Interim Head of City Diplomacy  
Mr. Eloi Badia Casas  Madrid  
Ms. Whitney Brooke Berry  Climate Change Program Manager  California Ocean Protection Council  California Natural Resources Agency  
Mr. Stylianos Diakoulakis  
Ms. Andrea Fernandez  Director of Governance and Global Partnerships  
Mr. Nicholas John Godfrey  Director  Coalition for Urban Transitions  
Ms. Emilie Holland  
Mr. Justin Robert Johnson  Children’s Investment Fund Foundation  
Ms. Pamela Jouven  
Ms. Julia Lopez Ventura  
Ms. Youna Keten J. Marette  
Mr. Sergio Andrés Orozco Escobar  
Ms. Hannah Prime  
Mr. Alfredo Daniel Redondo  
Ms. Georgina Louise Short  
Ca’ Foscari University, Venice 
Ms. Elisa Calliari  CMCC@Ca’Foscari  
Ms. Marinella Davide  
Ms. Laura Basconi  
Ms. Zehra Zaidi  
Ms. Enrica De Cian  
Mr. Alessio Mastrucci  International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis  
Mr. Ramiro Fernando Parrado Moscoso  CMCC@Ca’Foscari  
Cámara Oficial de Comercio, Industria, Servicios y Navegación de España  
Mr. José Luis Bonet Ferrer  President  
Ms. Inmaculada Riera Reñé  Managing Director  
Mr. Benjamin Anthony Hunt  Head of Corporate Affairs  Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy  
Mr. Andrés Pereda Martínez  Corporate Development Director  Corporate Development  
Ms. María Jesús Luengo Martín  Marketing and Communications Director  Marketing and Communications  
Mr. Jaime Montalvo Domínguez de la Torre  International Director  International Department  
Ms. Beatriz Martín Herráez  Deputy Director Corporate Development  
Mr. Nigel Ashley Davies  Communications  Communications  Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy  
Mr. Raúl Mínguez Fuentes  Director Research Service  Corporate Development - Research Service  
Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers 
Mr. Tim McMillan  
  
Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (continued) 
Ms. Stacey Hatcher  
Mr. Jay Averill  
Canadian Electricity Association 
Mr. Francis Bradley  President & Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Channa Perera  Vice-President, Policy Development  
Mr. Tim Boston  Vice-President  ENMAX  
Mr. Ahmed Idriss  Director  Environment  
Mr. Jordan Bell  Government Relations and Public Affairs Manager  FortisBC  
Mr. Doug Stout  Vice President, Market Development and External Relations  FortisBC  
Canadian Foodgrains Bank Association Inc. 
Mr. Spencer Mann  Videographer  Indigenous Climate Action  
Canadian Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Association 
Mr. Mark Kirby  President and CEO  
Mr. Tim Karlsson  Executive Director  International Partnership for Hydrogen and Fuel Cells in the Economy  
Canadian Nuclear Association 
Mr. Matthew Mairinger  NAYGN  
Mr. Lubomir Bures  
Mr. A. Ben DeNardo  
Carbon Capture and Storage Association 
Mr. Richard Barker  
Ms. Rebecca Bell  
Ms. Helen Atkinson  
Carbon Emission (Greenhouse Gas) Reduction and Control Association 
Mr. Ali Özcem Kilic  Head  Board  
Mr. Ahmad Abbasov  Member  Agriculture  
Ms. Ufuk Eren Vapur  member  Agriculture and Livestock Breeding  
Mr. Errol Karakash  member  agriculture and landscape  
Mr. Salim Kilic  Member  Board  
Carbon Market Institute Limited 
Mr. Bradley Kerin  General Manager  
Mr. John Connor  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Elisa de Wit  Partner  Norton Rose Fulbright  
Ms. Emily Gerrard  Director  Comhar Group Pty Ltd  
Mr. Anil Datta Bhatta  Managing Director  Carbon & Clean Energy Solutions Pty Ltd  
Mr. Nigel Brunel  Director, Institutional Commodities  OMF Markets  
Mr. Andres Molina Lievano  Columbia Country Manager  WeAct  
Mr. James Schultz  CEO  Greencollar  
Mr. Allistair Vas  Head of Carbon Trading  WeAct  
Mr. Satish Duvvuru  Director  WeAct  
Ms. Mireia Vilaplana Rojas  Manager, Carbon Pricing & Climate Policy  South Pole  
Ms. Jessica Volich  Group Manager, Sustainability Strategy  South32  
Carbon Market Watch - Centre of Development & Environment 
Mr. Sam Van den plas  Policy Director  
Ms. Kaisa Henriikka Amaral  
Ms. Patricia Arenas González  
Mr. Bernhard Braun  
Mr. Gilles Dufrasne  Policy Researcher  
Ms. Faye Henriette  
Ms. Carmen Huidobro Giménez  
Ms. Linda Kalcher  
Ms. Helda Khasmy  
Ms. Kenia Yudith Mendoza Cabrera  
  
Carbon Market Watch - Centre of Development & Environment (continued) 
Ms. Susanne Schneider  
Ms. Miriam Vicente Marcos  
Carbon Tracker Initiative Limited 
Ms. Margherita Gagliardi  Communications and Design Manager  
Mr. Richard Folland  Government Affairs and Policy Advisor  
Mr. Durand D’souza  Data Scientist  
Mr. Anthony Hobley  Executive Director  Mission Possible Platform  
CarbonCare InnoLab Limited 
Ms. Wing Ki Kwan  Programme Officer  Climate Change  
Ms. Mei Ki Maggie Chan  Student Representative  
Carbonfund.org Foundation, Inc. 
Mr. Brian McFarland  Senior Vice President  
Mr. Zubair Zakir  
Care About Climate, Inc 
Ms. Natalie Lucas  Executive Director  
Ms. Sydney Welter  
Mr. Luis Cabrera Alvarez  Asociación Nacional de Empresas de Servicios Energéticos - ANESE  
Ms. Laura Centeno Casado  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid  UAMIMUN  
Ms. Jessica Checa  Asociacion Espanola de Recuperadores de Economia Social y Solidaria AERESS  
Ms. Javiera Contreras  Organización No Gubernamental de Desarrollo CEUS Chile  
Ms. Nuria Diaz  Comision Española De Ayuda Al Refugiado  
Ms. Kirsten Drehobl  Social Media Manager  
Ms. Paloma Favieres  Comision Española De Ayuda Al Refugiado  
Ms. Estrella Galán  Comision Española De Ayuda Al Refugiado  
Ms. Marta Garcia Haro  Asociacion Red Española Para El Desarrollo Sostenible  
Ms. Shannon Greene  Researcher- EmpoderaClima  
Mr. Nicholas Jones  Chair  Board of Directors  
Ms. Renata Koch Alvarenga  Director EmpoderaClima  Care About Climate  
Mr. Daniel Malvini  
Mr. Javier Martinez Belotto  Asociación Nacional de Empresas de Servicios Energéticos - ANESE  
Ms. Marta Martinez Reyes  
Mr. Daniel Ortiz Gonzalo  Asociacion De Ciencias Ambientales  
Mr. José Manuel Portas  Asociaciòn Española de Recuperadores de Economía Social y Solidaria AERESS  
Ms. Constanza Maria Portigliati González  Corporación Comunitaria para la Educacion, Investigacion y Proteccion Ambiental - CEDIPRAM  
Sra. Olga Rico Diez  Ongawa  
Ms. Laura Rubio  Asociacon Espanola de Recuperadores de Economia Social y Solidaria  
Ms. Magdalena Schmittlein  Care About Climate  
Mr. Sergio Tirado Herrero  Asociacion De Ciencias Ambientales  
Ms. Isabella Villanueva  Organización No Gubernamental de Desarrollo CEUS Chile  
CARE International 
Mr. Sven Harmeling  Global Policy Lead, Climate Change and Resilience  Climate Change and Resilience Platform  
Ms. Rosa Mercedes Asca Cordano  
Ms. Sheri Mei Lim  CARE International - UK  
Ms. Julia Maj Astrid Rensberg  Vice President  Sáminuorra  
Ms. Mia Luise Antonie Veigel  
Care of Creation, Inc. 
Mr. Lowell Bliss  
Ms. Monica Tang  
Mr. Samuel Chiu  
Ms. Catherine Linsky  
Ms. Rebecca Cotton  
Ms. Emma DeVries  
Ms. Camille Mekwinski  
Caritas Internationalis 
Ms. Adriana Opromolla  Advocacy Officer  Policy and Advocacy  Caritas Internationalis  
  
Caritas Internationalis (continued) 
Mr. Juan Humberto Mario Ortiz  Asistente Del Presidente De La Conferencia Episcopal Peruana  Presidencia  Conferencia Episcopal Peruana  
Mr. Liam Christopher  UK News Officer  Communications  The Catholic Agency for Overseas Development   
Ms. Ana Abril Fernández  Coordinator  Communication and Advocacy Unit  Caritas Española  
Ms. Cristina Linaje Hervás  Policy and Advocacy Officer  Advocacy Team  Caritas Spain  
Mr. Gabriel Lopez  Spain Coordinator  Campaigns  Global Catholic Climate Movement  
Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs Inc. 
Mr. Janos Pasztor  Executive Director  
Mr. Nicholas Harrison  Director of Knowledge Management  
Ms. Romy Alia Hassan  Outreach Officer  
Ms. Cynthia Scharf  Senior Strategy Director  
Mr. Kai Uwe Schmidt  Senior Program Director  
Mr. Michael Thompson  Senior Outreach Manager  
Mr. Mark Turner  Director of Communications  
Carre Geo & Environnement 
Mr. Ibrahim Mfondoun Mbamoko  Executive Secretary  Head Office  
Ms. Emily Joella Hartzler  Project officer  Head Office  
Ms. Samantha Chavez-Salinas  
Ms. Inmaculada Ferriz Ibanez  
Mme Malinali Castaneda Romero  Head Office  Reevaluation Foundation  
Mme Florez Mayta Liliana Norca  Reevaluation Foundation  
Catholic Rural Youth Movement Germany e.V. 
Ms. Judith Böckle  
Mr. Josef Max Hartl  
Mr. Benjamin Robert Kutz  
Ms. Regina Elisabeth Mack  
Ms. Isabel Rutkowski  
Ms. Franziska Sauter  
Mr. Damian Thüne  
Mr. Franz Xaver Wacker  
Catholic Youth Network for Environmental Sustainability in Africa 
Mr. Allen Ottaro  Founder/Executive Director  
Ms. Lucia Mosongo Bassibia  
Mr. Alphonce Munyao Muia  Project Officer  
Ms. Nuwuwanjye Olive Ntivuguruzwa  
CDP Worldwide 
Ms. Jennifer Verity Gleed  Senior Manager  Policy and Public Affairs  
Ms. Nicolette Bartlett  Director, Climate Change  
Mr. Pietro Bertazzi  Global Director - Policy Engagement  
Mr. Alberto Carrillo Pineda  Director Science Based Targets and Renewable Energy Procurement  Technical Team  
Ms. Christie Clarke  Research Analyst  
Ms. Claire Elsdon  Associate Director  
Ms. Helen Finlay  Senior Global Policy Manager - Forests  
Ms. Yang Guo  Senior Project Officer  CDP China  
Ms. Anika Heckwolf  Policy Officer  
Ms. Tina Nybo Jensen  Manager Policy & Strategic Relations  Stichting Global Reporting Initiative  
Ms. Simone Mangili  City of Turin  
Mr. Lauro Marins  Executive Director  CDP Latin America  
Ms. Yue Qi  Senior Policy Manager  China  
Mr. Gustavo Rodrigues de Souza  Policy Manager  
Mr. Paul John Simpson  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Yuet Ling Sin Fai Lam  Senior Analyst  
Ms. Tegan Tallullah Sonvico Christov  Communications Manager  
Ms. Mirjam Wolfrum  Director, Policy & Reporting, Europe  CDP Europe  
  
CEE Bankwatch Network  
Mr. Petr Hlobil  Campaigns Director  
Mr. Alexandru Mustata  Just Transition Coordinator  
Center for Biological Diversity 
Ms. Anchun Jean Su  Associate Conservation Director / Attorney  
Mr. John Fleming  Staff Scientist  Climate Law Institute  
Ms. Maya Golden-Krasner  Senior Staff Attorney  Climate Law Institute  
Mr. Juan Parras  
Ms. Anna Maria Parras  
Center for Carbon Removal 
Ms. Sauvanithi Yupho  
Mr. Michael Peter Hoffmann  
Center for Clean Air Policy 
Ms. Allison Bender Corbett  Executive Director  
Ms. Stacey Davis  
Center for Climate and Energy Solutions 
Mr. Elliot Diringer  Executive Vice President  
Ms. Jennifer Huang  Senior International Fellow  
Ms. Nancy Meyer  Director of Business Engagement  Center for Climate and Energy Solutions  
Mr. Daniel Bodansky  
Mr. John Schmitz  
Mr. Adam Elman  Amazon  
Mr. Maximilian Parness  Program Manager, Energy and Climate  Product Regulatory Affairs  Toyota Motor North America, Inc  
Ms. Sara Ragaller  Communications Senior Specialist  Corporate Affairs  Cargill  
Center for Environmental Information, Inc. 
Ms. Elizabeth Thorndike  Designated Contact Point  
Center for Indigenous Peoples’ Research and Development   
Ms. Pasang Dolma Sherpa  Executive Director  Climate Change  
Ms. Camila Francisca  Association des Femmes Peules et Peuples Autochtones du Tchad   
Ms. Elvira Gutierrez  Cai Ispalla  
Mr. Rohr Johannes  Member  Climate Change  Instituto de Ecología y Antropología de Acción  
Ms. Barsha Lekhi  Indigenous fellow  Climate Change  Small Grand Program, United Nations Development Programme  
Center for International Climate and Environmental Research 
Mr. Glen Philip Peters  Center for International Climate and Environmental Research (CICERO)  
Mr. Stefano Carattini  
Ms. Isadora Christel Jimenez Garcia  
Ms. Ilaria Vigo  
Center for International Environmental Law 
Mr. Sébastien Duyck  Senior Attorney  Climate and Energy Programme  
Ms. Sarah Dorman  Staff Attorney  
Ms. Jolein Holtz  Fellow  
Ms. Amanda Whitney Kistler  Director of Communication and Development  
Ms. Erika Elizabeth Hier Lennon  Senior Attorney  Climate and Energy Program  
Ms. Marcela Alejandra Mella Ortiz  President of CCNAM  Coordinadora Ciudadana No Alto Maipo - CCNAM  
Mr. Carroll Muffett  President and CEO  
Mr. Juan Pablo Orrego Silva  Presidente  Ecosistemas  
Center for Management and Strategic Studies 
Mr. Marcelo Poppe  Advisor  Sustainable Development  
Ms. Bárbara Rocha  Technical Advisor  Sustainable Development  
Ms. Carolina Dubeux  Partner  Sustainable Development  
Mr. Emilio La Rovere  Partner  Sustainable Development  
  
Center for Natural Resource Studies  
Mr. Mokhlesur M. Rahman  Executive Director  CC & NRM  
Mr. Anisul M. Islam  Director  Programme  
Mr. Aminul M Islam  Senior Advisor  Climate Change  
Mr. Abu Mostafa Kamal Uddin  Adviser  Climate Change  
Center for Participatory Research and Development  
Mr. Md Shamsuddoha  Chief Executive  Research  
Ms. Tasfia Tasnim  Research Associate  Research  International Center for Climate Change and Development  
Center for Support of Indigenous Peoples of the North 
Mr. Rodion Sulyandziga  Director  
Ms. Daria Egereva  
Ms. Irina Kurilova  
Mr. Gennady Shchukin  
Center of Life Institute 
Ms. Alice Thuault  Deputy director  
Ms. Ana Paula Valdiones  Transparency coordinator  
Ms. Paula Bernasconi  Economic incentives Coordinator  Economic incentives  
Sra. Andreia Fanzeres  Operação Amazônia Nativa  
Mr. Guilherme Eidt Goncalves de Almeida  Public Policy Advisor  Public Policy  Society Population and Nature Institute  
Ms. Telma Marques da Silva  indigenous leader  Articulação dos Povos Indígenas do Brasil  
Sra. Moema Sá pereira salgado  Institute for Subjective Experience and Research  
Sra. Juliana Almeida Noleto  Centro de Trabalho Indigenista  
Ms. Adriana Erthal Abdenur  Instituto Igarapé  
Ms. Marcela Menezes  socioenvironmental analyst  International Institute for Education in Brazil (IEB)  
Sra. Joana Chiavari Denadai  Climate Policy Initiative, Inc  
Sra. Suzana Kahn Ribeiro  Painel Brasileiro de Mudanças Climáticas  
Sra. Flavia Bellaguarda de Castro Chuery  Laclima  
Mr. Crisanto Rudzo Tseremey Wá  presidente  Fepoimt  
Central University of Finance and Economics 
Ms. Yao Wang  
Ms. Ying Cui  
Mr. Ruichen Hong  
Mr. Yuyang Lin  
Mr. Yan Xue  
Ms. Ying Kong  
Ms. Yanan Long  
Ms. Yinshuo Xu  
Ms. Yanyan Liu  
Centre de Coopération Internationale en Recherche Agronomique pour le Développement 
Mr. Vincent Blanfort  Scientist  ES  Cirad  
Mr. Julien Demenois  Scientist  Dgrs  Cirad  
Mme Anne-Marie Schelstraete  Chargée de Mission  DIMS  
Mr. Claude Antoine Garcia  Scientist  ES  Cirad  
Centre de développement de la région de Tensift 
Mr. Hassan Amghar  
Mr. Mohamed Belmejjad  Architecte  Urbanisation  
Mr. Ahmed Chehbouni  President  environment  
Mr. Youssef EL madhi  professor  Biologie  
Mr. Mohamed Hachimi  Member  Agriculture  
Mr. Abdelghani Ouafiq  lawer  human rights  
Centre for 21st Century Issues 
Ms. Titilope Ngozi Akosa  Executive Director  Administration  
Mr. Jose Eduardo Chavez Ocadiz  Youth4Climate  
  
Centre for 21st Century Issues (continued) 
Mr. Sule Owolabi Adewunmi  Vounteer  Climate Advocacy Team  
Mr. Arnold Ikpemosi Adeyemi  Project Officer  Climate Change  Ecologistic Integrated Services Ltd  
Mr. Monsuru Adeleke Agbalajobi  Volunteer  
Mr. Victor Ehimen Eromosele  Administration  Ecocapital  
Mr. Jadiel Adrian Gomez Galicia  
Mr. Mohammed Maishanu Mahmood  Project Officer  Climate Change Programme  Ecologistic Integrated Services Ltd  
Mr. Kenneth Kasim Offor  
Mr. Friday Sultan Saliu  
Centre for Climate Change and Environmental Studies 
Mr. Matthew Iroabuchi Agu  Programme officer  Administration  
Mr. Paul Choke Ebehiwialu  Admin Officer  Administration  
Mr. Ehizojie Smith Ebosele  Accountant  Finance Deoartment  
Mr. Michael Eidenagbon  National Coordinator  Admin  
Mr. Chikodili Christopher Obi  International Relation  Admin  
Ms. Blessing Omorodion  Admin  Forest  
Mr. Uche Joseph Onyeidu  Admin officer  Administration  
Mr. Ijeoma Emmanuel Onyeme  Admin Officer  Administration  
Mr. Uchenna Osuji  Admin  Director of programmes  
Centre for Environmental Justice 
Mr. Hemantha Withanage  Executive Director  
Mr. Saktiman Ghosh  
Mr. Mardan Pius Ginting  
Ms. Riska Darmawanti  
Ms. Sumudu Anopama Atapattu  
Ms. Mari Jeanie Derillo  Communication Coordinator  Communication  NGO Forum on the ADB  
Centre for Human Rights and Climate Change Research 
Ms. Kemi Mildred Hughes  Delegate  Research  
Ms. Edith Nwosu  Delegate  Research  
Centre for International Sustainable Development Law 
Ms. Marie Claire Cordonier Segger  Director  
Ms. Alexandra Harrington  Senior Manager  Secretariat  
Mr. Freedom-Kai Phillips  
Mr. Markus Gehring  Lead Counsel  International Trade, Investment and Competition Law  
Mr. Pierre Gonthier  Secretary and General Counsel  SAF+ Consortium  
Ms. Emily Morison  Climate Law and Governance Initiative  
Ms. Alejandra Lozano  
Ms. Micah Winter  
Ms. Claire Perttula  
Ms. Cassandra Hayward  
Ms. Laureen Mcdonald  
Ms. Marta Allegue  
Ms. Rosa María Fernandez  
Ms. Alicia Garcia  
Ms. Celia Hernando del Valle  
Mr. Alejandro Menendez  
Mr. Christopher Rotterdam  
Centre Hélios 
Mr. José Luis Iriarte  
Ms. Andrea Navarro  
Mr. Hugo Silva  
Sr. Luis Fernando Lobejón Herrero  Professor  GEEDS  University of Valaldolid  
Sr. Jose María Enriquez Sánchez  Professor  GEEDS  University of Valladolid  
Centre International de droit Comparé de l’Environnement 
Ms. Emilie Viviane Gailliard  Maître de conférences en droit privé  droit privé, droits humains, droit de l’environnement  Institut d’Etudes politiques de Rennes  
Mr. Kablan Jean-Michel Atta  Chargé de mission  Droit de l’environnement  
  
Centre International de droit Comparé de l’Environnement (continued) 
Ms. Agnès Isabelle Michelot  Enseignant Chercheur  Droit  
Mme Marta Torre y Alvarez ép Schaub  
Ms. Hiroko Muraki Gottlieb  Associate  Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology  Harvard University  
M. Hugues Hellio  Enseignant chercheur, maître de conférences  Droit Public  
Centre International de Recherche sur l’Environnement et le Développement 
M. Jean-Charles Hourcade  
Mr. Cassen Christophe  CIRED  
Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique 
Mme Agathe Euzen  Directrice adjointe scientifique  INEE - Institut Ecologie & Environnement  
Mr. Gilles Pierre Boetsch  
M. Thierry François Louis Pérez  
Sra. Cecilia Del Castillo Moro  
Centro Alexander von Humboldt 
Mr. Victor Manuel Campos Cubas  Director  Climate Change  
Sr. Jose Ramon Avila Quiñonez  Director Ejecutivo  Direccion Ejecutiva  ASONOG  
Ms. Elizabeth Coates  Regional Director  Brooke Central America  The Brooke  
Sr. Abdel Porfirio García Gonzalez  International Relationships Climate Change  
Sra. Mariana Gutiérrez Mora  Especialista en género  Género  Asociación de Iniciativas Populares Ditsö  
Mr. Hans Peter Dejgaard Kristensen  Senior adviser Centro Humboldt  Climate Change  
Sra. Evelyn Xiomara Rivas Pérez  Oficial de Gestión de Recursos  Administración  Asociación para la Educación y el Desarrollo  
Ms. Karina Saravia Aguilera  Social Communicator  Communications  
Mr. Bernis Trejos Cunningham  Director  Climate Change  Climate Action Network - Latin America  
Sr. Fredred Valdivia  Central America Program Manager  Brooke Central America  The Brooke  
Sra. Adelina Vásquez López  Economist  Board of Directors  Centro de Desarrollo Humano  
Centro de Planificación y Estudio Social 
Sra. Barbel Sybil Henneberger  
Ms. María Belen Páez Cano  
Sra. Sandra Maribel Tukup Ampush  
Mr. Bartolo Alejandro Ushigua Santi  
Mr. Michel Laforge Castro  
Centro de Transporte Sustentable de México Asociacion Civil 
Mr. Andres Flores Montalvo  Director  Climate Change and Energy  
Ms. Mónica Eugenia Sánchez Torres  Directora de Asuntos Internacionales  Gobierno del Estado  Estado de Jalisco  
Centro Internacional de Agricultura Tropical 
Mr. Louis Verchot  Theme Leader, Landscape Restoration  Agroecosystems and Sustainable Landscapes (ASL) Research Area  International Center for Tropical Agriculture  
Ms. Deissy Martinez  Science Officer  Regional Program Latin America  
Mr. Augusto Carlos Castro  
Mr. Steven Prager  Senor Cientist  DAPA  
Mr. Jonathan Mockshell  Agricultural Development Economist  Decision and Policy Analysis (DAPA) Research Area  
Mr. Evan Girvetz  Principal Scientist  Decision and Policy Analysis (DAPA)  International Center for Tropical Agriculture  
Centro Mexicano de Derecho Ambiental 
Ms. Anaid Paola Velasco Ramirez  Legal Research Managament  
  
Centro Mexicano de Derecho Ambiental (continued) 
Mr. Daniel Chacón Anaya  Energía  Iniciativa Climática de México, A.C.  
Ms. Gabriela Evia Munguia  Project coordinator  Beta Diversidad AC  
Mr. Mario Gerardo Gómez Cruz  President of the Board  Codemar AC  
Ms. Diana Piña Velasco  General Director  Beta Diversidad AC  
Mr. Carlos Armando Tornel Curzio  
Ceres, Inc. 
Ms. Susan Reid  Vice President  Climate & Energy Programs  Ceres  
Mr. Ryan Martel  Senior Director  Policy Program  Centre d’Etudes et de Recherches internationales et Communautaires  
Ms. Jessica Arnell  Associate  Federal Policy and Campaigns  Centre d’Etudes et de Recherches internationales et Communautaires  
Mr. Troy Shaheen  Manager  Communications, Climate & Energy  Centre d’Etudes et de Recherches internationales et Communautaires  
Ms. Divya Mankikar  Investment Manager  California Public Employees’ Retirement System  
Mr. John Ehnes  CEO  California State Teachers’ Retirement System  
Mr. Ari Alexander  GM Salesforce Sustainability Cloud  Tech & Products  Salesforce  
Mr. Benjamin Thompson  Director  Sustainable Business  Autodesk Foundation  
Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America 
Mr. Stephen Daniel Eule  Vice President for Climate and Technology  Institute for 21st Century Energy  
Chant du Guépard dans le Désert 
Ms. Azam Ghazi  Representative in Spain  Education  
Chatham House 
Ms. Jill Duggan  Associate Fellow  Energy, Environment and Resources  
Ms. Kirsty Hamilton  Associate Fellow  Energy, Environment and Resources  
Children and Youth International 
Ms. Sophia Yacheng Yang  
Ms. Maria Auma  
Ms. Khyati Rathore  
Mr. John Leo Ching Algo  
Ms. Emily Bohobo Ndombaxe Dola  United Kingdom Youth Climate Coalition Limited  
Ms. Zainab Sunmisola Yunusa  UNESCO Youth Forum Nigeria  
Mr. Beniamin Przemyslaw Strzelecki  NYU Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Sara Alonso Vicario  DRR working group member Young Scientist at E-STAG  United Nations Major Group of Children and Youth  
Children’s Investment Fund Foundation 
Ms. Katherine Hampton  CEO  CEO Office  
China Association for NGO Cooperation 
Mr. Daxing Zhao  Executive Diretcor  
Ms. Wei Huang  
Ms. Hui Jing  
Ms. Xiajie Li  
Mr. Oliver Radtke  
Ms. Xiangyi Wang  
Ms. Yuehong Xie  
Mr. Hongxun Zhang  World Enlightened Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Jiuxuan Zhou  
China Association for Science and Technology 
Mr. Wenjie Dong  
Mr. Lei Lin  Researcher  
Mr. Linsheng Yang  
Ms. Chenchen Wang  Project Manager  International Department  
Mr. Xi Chen  
Mr. Yinlong Xu  
Mr. Kuo Li  Institute of Environment and Sustainable Development in Agriculture, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Science  
China Association for Science and Technology (continued) 
Ms. Yingchun Li  Institute of Environment and Sustainable Development in Agriculture, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Science  
Ms. Jie Liu  Executive Vice President  Beijing Association of Green Design and Green Manufacturing Promotion  
China Dialogue Trust 
Ms. Zhe Yao  Strategic Climate Communications Officer  
Mr. Robert C J Soutar  Managing Editor  Editorial  
Ms. Sarah Catherine Oppenheimer  Editor  Editorial  
China Green Carbon Foundation 
Mr. Jiashun Liu  Secretary General  
Mr. Yeyun He  Director of Public Relations  International Development Department  
Mr. Yuanqing Hou  Director  Project and Development  
Mr. Peng Zhao  Associate Research Fellow  Fourth Institute of Oceanography  Ministry of Natural Resources  
Mr. Libo Xie  
Mr. Yongsheng Du  Chairman  
Mr. Shaocheng Chen  
Ms. Demin Fu  
Mr. Jifa Lu  
Mr. Shuwen Wang  
China New Energy Chamber of Commerce 
Mr. Shaojun Zeng  Academic Vice Chairman and Secretary General  
Mr. Hongjie Wu  Executive President  Hanergy Carbon Asset Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Bin Fu  General Manager  Shandong Xintian Reneng Co, Ltd.  
Mr. Yingjun Wu  Legal Person  Trantree Inc.  
Mr. Hua Cao  General Manager  Overseas Power Station Development Department  Astronergy  
Ms. Xiaoying Dong  Business Developer  
Mr. Xiangdong Song  China Quality Certification Center  
Mr. Hu Qin  Director of Research  China Program  Environmental Defense Fund  
Ms. Hao Wang  Project Manager  China Program  Environmental Defense Fund  
Ms. Xiaolu Zhao  Project Manager  China Program  Environmental Defense Fund  
Ms. Jie Yu  China Quality Certification Center  
Mr. Rongzhu Hu  Vice President  Tongwei Group  
Ms. Guanyi Wu  Trainee  Trantree Inc.  
Ms. Yi Yuan  General Manager  China Environmental Innovators  
Mr. Jie Li  General Manager  Guangzhou Clearing Corp  
Mr. Xin Luo  Vice President of GCL 2. CEO of FCham  
Mr. Jian Cai  Standing Member and Vice Secretary of Party Group  Guangzhou Huadu District of Committee of CPC  Government of Huadu District, Guangzhou City  
Mr. Siuchung Ma  President of Guangzhou Microfinance Industry Association  
Mr. Zhong Liu  Deputy Director  Yuexiu Bureau Of Financial Work  Guangzhou Municipal Government  
Mr. Ting Wang  Deputy Secretary General  Alliance of Carbon Emissions Trading  
Mr. Chao Liang  Marketing Manager  LONGi Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Ning Li  Chief Operation Officer  Guangzhou Civil Finance Street Credit Bureau Co.Ltd  
Ms. Chunxiang Liu  Director  Global Business Development Department  LONGi Solar Technology Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Dana Elizabeth Albella  Business Development Director  LONGi Solar Technology (U.S.) Inc.  
Mr. Kum Wing Wong  Brand Marketing Director  LONGi Solar Technology Co., Ltd.  
  
China New Energy Chamber of Commerce (continued) 
Ms. Sandra Valverde Luna  Marketing Manager EMEA  LONGi Solar Technology Co., Ltd.  
China Science and Technology Exchange Center 
Ms. Hongxia Duan  Director of institute for environment and sustainable development  Environment and Sustainable Development Institute  
Ms. Yukun Liu  Carbon Management Consultant  Carbonstop  
Ms. Yanfei Liu  Research Assistant  China Information Center for Global Change  The Scientific Information Center for Resources and Environment, Chinese Academy of Sciences  
Mr. Jiansheng Qu  Professor  China Information Center for Global Change  The Scientific Information Center for Resources and Environment, Chinese Academy of Sciences  
Mr. Wende Yan  professor  College of Life Science and Technology  Central South University of Forestry and Technology  
Mr. Luhui Yan  Founder&CEO  Carbonstop  
Ms. Jingjing Zeng  Associate Professor  China Information Center for Global Change  The Scientific Information Center for Resources and Environment, Chinese Academy of Sciences  
China South Low Carbon Academy 
Mr. Kai Liu  Executive Director  Training Department  SinoCarbon Innovation & Investment Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Jiang Zhan  Chairman Assistant  Public Department  Green Forest Treasure Low-carbon Technology Co., Ltd  
Mr. Zhibin Chen  Senior Consultant  Department II  SinoCarbon Innovation & Investment Co., Ltd.  
Chinese People’s Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries   
Mr. Yongjun Ji  Deputy Director General  Department of American and Oceanian Affairs  
Ms. Jun Duan  Consultant Director  Department of American and Oceanian Affairs  
CHIRAPAQ - Centro de Culturas Indígenas del Perú 
Sra. Tarcila Rivera Zea  Responsable  Dirección Ejecutiva  
Christian Aid 
Ms. Katherine Kramer  Global Lead - Climate Change  
Ms. Frances Joanne Mountford  
Mr. Philip Akello  
Ms. Jennifer Higgins  
Ms. Alison Doig  Head of Policy  Department of Policy and Public Affairs  
Ms. Liceette Chavaro  
Ms. Suratjana Kanjanaphairoj  
Ms. Abena Afari  
Mr. Ahmed Fathy Ahmed Mohammed  Coordinator  Project Coordinator  Youth Love Egypt  
Mr. Geoffrey Nansove Kamese  
Mr. Pallab Regmi  
Mr. Sakhon Songma  
Ms. Sheila Tanaka  
Christian Commission for Development in Bangladesh 
Mr. MD Foezullah Talukder  Head  Climate Change Program  
Mr. Mohammad Mahmodul Hasan  Coordinator  Climate Change Program  
Church’s Auxiliary for Social Action 
Mr. Sushant Agarwal  Director  
Mr. Jayant Kumar  Head of The Programme  Programme  
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Vyas  Sr. Programme Coordinator  Programme  
Mr. Sebastián Ignacio Muñoz Oyarzo  
Citizens Alliance for Saving the Atmosphere and the Earth 
Mr. Mitsutoshi Hayakawa  Managing Director  
Ms. Michiyo Tsuchida  Climate Change Policy Advisor  
Ms. Masako Konishi  
Ms. Riho Takaki  
  
Citizens Alliance for Saving the Atmosphere and the Earth (continued) 
Mr. Masaki Kotani  
Mr. Hiroki Ota  
Citizens’ Climate Education Corp. 
Mr. Joseph Robertson  Global Strategy Director  
Mr. Ross Astoria  
Ms. Isatis Marie Cintron Rodriguez  Citizens’ Climate Lobby  
Mr. James Richard Collis  
Ms. Solemi Hernandez  
Mr. Andres Felipe Jimenez  
Ms. Cathy Orlando  
Ms. Sara Elizabeth Wanous  
Mr. Jorge Octavio Calderón Trueba  
Ms. Kelly Anne Kryc  
Ms. Sandra Adelaide Lefaure  
Mr. Clark Joseph Marchese  
Mr. Jorge Raúl Martínez Pérez Tejada  
Ms. Malia Liane Menard Elder  
Mr. Rafael Pinilla Pallejà  
Ms. Christina Stevens  
Ms. Brigitte Ludovica F Van Gerven  
Mr. Kasey Lee Cox  
Civic Exchange 
Mr. John Robert Gibson  Fellow  
Mr. Chun Yip Lawrence Iu  Associate Researcher  
Civicus World Alliance for Citizen Participation 
Ms. Lyndal Margaret Rowlands  UN Adviser  Advocacy  
Ms. Cassia Moraes  Founder and CEO  Coordination team  Youth Climate Leaders  
Ms. Silvia PuertoAboy  Communications  Communications  
Clark University 
Ms. August Andersen Devore  
Ms. Katarina Khinemon Hou  
Mr. Isaac Andrews Stone  
Ms. Kortni Elizabeth Wroten  
Ms. Ruhua Jing  
Mr. Ryan William Kopper  
Ms. Priyanka Shrestha  
Ms. Noronavalona Tsanta Rakotoarisoa  
Mr. Douglas Edward Dillon Jr  
Ms. Raina Hasan  
Clean Air Initiative for Asian Cities Center, Inc. 
Ms. Angela Marie Enriquez  Senior Associate  Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport  
Mr. Shivam Shammit Ghai  Assistant  Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport  
Mr. Pablo Gonzalez San Vidal  Intern  Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport  
Clean Energy and Safe Environment Initiative 
Mr. Eugene Otaigbe Itua  Associate  Policy  
Ms. Joyce Akasemi Obele Ekee  RESEARCH ASSISTANT  POLICY  
Clean Energy Nepal 
Mr. Lalmani Wagle  Senior Program Officer  
ClientEarth 
Ms. Alice Bordini Staden  
Mr. Benjamin Ichou  Policy Advisor  Forests  
Mr. Lawrence John Sidney Staden  
Climate Action Network - Europe 
Ms. Ulriikka Aarnio  International Climate Policy Coordinator  
Mr. Jesús Abadía  Fundación Energía sin Fronteras  
Ms. Stephanie Ascencio Serrato  Enginyeria Sense Fronteres  
Ms. Christiane Averbeck  Director  Klima-Allianz Deutschland  
Sra. Maria Cristina Bajet Mestre  Ecoserveis  
Mr. Carlos Ballesteros Barrado  Asociación Nacional de Empresas de Servicios Energéticos - ANESE  
Mr. Zsolt Bauer  Branch Manager  The Climate Reality Project Europe  
Mr. Thomas Boyle  Head of Network Development  Climate Action Network - Europe  
Mr. Stefan Brand  Media Officer  CARE Germany  
  
Climate Action Network - Europe (continued) 
Ms. Nicoletta Brazzola  Member  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Ms. Angela Cámara Gurruchaga  Global Compact Network Spain  
Mr. Florian Carl  Coordinator  Protect the Planet  
Ms. Suzana Carp  Head of Advocacy  Sandbag  
Ms. Gina Marcela Cortes Valderrama  Gender and Climate Project Assistant  Women Engage for a Common Future  
Ms. Anna Cosp Garcia  Network Development Assistant  
Mr. Simon Yannik Dalcher  Member  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Ms. María Fandiño  Fundación Jane Goodall  
Ms. Beatriz Felipe Pérez  Enginyeria Sense Fronteres  
Ms. Maj Martina Fjällberg  Board Member  Sáminuorra  
Ms. Joanna Flisowska  Senior Coal Policy Coordinator  Climate Action Network Central and Eastern Europe  
Mr. Carlos Garcia Paret  Coordinadora de ONGD  
Sra. Marta Garcia Paris  Ecoserveis  
Ms. Macarena Guajardo  Fundación Basura  
Mr. Malte Hentschke  Policy Officer  Klima-Allianz Deutschland  
Mr. Cesar Hernandez Maya  Arriba Las Ramas  
Ms. Lucila Izquierdo  Fundación Energía sin Fronteras  
Mr. David Knecht  Program Manager  Alliance Sud  
Ms. Veronica Larco Jimenez  Campaigns Coordinator  ProVeg Deutschland e.V.   
Mr. Adam Leckius  Policy & Network Officer  
Ms. Amanda Luchsinger  Fundación Jane Goodall  
Mr. Dante Maschio  Enginyeria Sense Fronteres  
Ms. Francielle Mello de Carvalho  Researcher  Instituto Clima e Sociedade - ICS  
Mr. Javier Molero Segovia  Global Compact Network Spain  
Ms. Seda Orhan  Network Development Coordinator  
Ms. Irene Ortega  Coordinadora de ONGD  
Mr. Reinhold Pape  Director  Air Pollution and Climate Secretariat  
Mr. Carlos Pesqué Castillo  Technician of Energy and poople department  
Ms. Martina Rapp  Member  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Mr. Andres Rodriguez Amayuelas  Coordinadora de ONGD  
Ms. Celeste Rodriguez Portugues  Events Coordinator  ProVeg Deutschland e.V.   
Ms. Filomena Ruggiero  Coordinadora de ONGD  
Ms. Goksen Sahin  Project Manager  
Mr. Eduardo Sánchez  Coordinadora de ONGD  
Mr. Borislav Sandov  Campaign Coordinator  
Ms. Camilla Schramek  Head of Climate Change Communications  CARE International  
Mr. Patrick Senn  Member  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Ms. Maria Pilar Sevilla Garcia  Fundación Energía sin Fronteres  
Mr. Filip Siblik  Campaigner  Hnutí Duha - FoE Czech Republic  
Ms. Andromachi Sideridou  Greenpeace - European Unit  
Ms. Rachel Simon  Policy and Advocacy Officer  Climate Action Network - Europe  
Mr. Sven Teske  Research Director  University of Technology, Sydney  
Ms. Jennifer Katharina Tollmann  Policy Advisor  Third Generation Environmentalism  
Ms. Marta Tomás Hernando  Global Compact Network Spain  
Mr. Wendel Trio  Director  
Ms. Jesse Van Schaik  Fridays for Future Netherlands  
Mr. Peter William Walpole  Coordinadora de ONGD  
Climate Action Network - Latin America 
Sr. José Alejandro Alemán Treminio  Oficial de Cambio Climático  Cambio Climático  Centro Alexander von Humboldt  
Sr. Antonio Aguilera  Fundación Savia por el Compromiso y los Valores  
Ms. Luiza Alves Alexandre Da Silva  Internship  Youth and Education  Ação Educativa  
  
Climate Action Network - Latin America (continued) 
Sra. Carolina Amaya Tobar  Trabajadora Social  Cambio Climatico y Politicas Publicas  Unidad Ecológica Salvadoreña  
Sr. Javier Andaluz Prieto  Ecologistas en Acción  
Sr. Diego Eduardo Aranibar Esteban  Aymara  
Mr. Juan Auz  Lawyer  Centre for Fundamental Rights  Hertie School of Governance gGmbH   
Sr. Aitor Baez Palomo  Climate Change Advisor  International  Christian Aid  
Sra. Diana de los Angeles Bugueño Rojas  Encargada de Desarrollo Sostenible de Recursos Marino Costeros  EGEA  Corporación de Estudios y Desarrollo Norte Grande  
Sr. Guido Eduardo Calderón Ríos  Coordinador General  Equipo Dirección  Asociación para la Educación y el Desarrollo  
Ms. Fernanda Castro  Rios to Rivers  
Ms. Iris Chévez Valverde  Advisor  Resilience  Amigos del Viento  
Sra. Lara Contreras Redondo  Head of Advocacy and Research  Advocacy and citizenship  Oxfam Intermón  
Sr. Jorge De Vicente Benito  Fundación Lonxanet para la Pesca Sostenible  
Sra. Cristina del Castillo Pastor  Climate Funding Manager  Knowledge And Impact Team  OXFAM International  
Sr. Cristóbal Díaz de Valdés Cifuentes  Climate Change  Chao Pescao  
Mr. Marcelo do Santos Rocha  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change  Engajamundo  
Sra. Valentina Sofia Escuti Bustos  Climate Change  Chao Pescao  
Sr. Telesforo Jose Esquinas  Fundación Savia por el Compromiso y los Valores  
Mr. Raul Fernandez Millares  Community Manager  Communication  SEO/Bird Life  
Sra. Olimpia Garcia  Sociedad Española de Ornitología/BirdLife  
Ms. Catalina Maria Gonda  Climate Change Advisor  Climate Change  Fundación Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sr. Alejandro Gonzalez Fernandez de Castro  Climate Change Advisor  Latin America and Caribbean  Christian Aid  
Sr. Rodrigo Herrera  Executive Secretary  Mesa Ciudadana sobre Cambio Climático  Fundación Terram  
Ms. Patricia Anna Ibarra Simon  Organizer  Reevaluation  Sustaining All Life  
Sra. Flavia Liberona  Executive Director  Executive Direction  Fundación Terram  
Sra. Leticia Gonzalez Lopez  Organizer  Reevaluation Foundation  
Sra. Nidia Mancia de Giron  Administradora de Empresas  Financiero  Unidad Ecológica Salvadoreña  
Ms. Ana Márquez Villena  Environmental Governance Unit  SEO Birdlife  
Sr. Norman Martín Casas  Resilience and Climate Change Adaptation Adviser  International Cooperation Department  Oxfam Intermón  
Ms. María del Refugio Martínez Gasca  Organizer  Reevaluation  Sustaining All Life  
Sr. Enrique Maruri  Director  Advocacy and Citizenship  Oxfam Intermón  
Sr. Jesús David Medina Carreño  Researcher  Litigation  Corporación Centro de Estudios de Derecho, Justicia y Sociedad  
Ms. Carola Mejia  Regional Coordinator  Regional Coordination  Fundación Terram  
Mr. Dennis Mombauer  Director: Research and Education  Research and Education  SLYCAN Trust  
Ms. Marta Monasterio MartÃn  Ecologistas en Acción  
Mr. Víctor Raúl Nomberto Bazán  Director de Investigación  Climate Change  Facultad de Ciencias Sociales- Universidad Nacional Federico Villarreal  
Sr. Jacobo Ocharan  Global Lead for Climate Change  Global Strategy for Climate Change  OXFAM International  
Ms. Margaret Oliver  Masters of Environmental Management Candidate  School of Forestry and Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Climate Action Network - Latin America (continued) 
Ms. Elisa Oteros Rozas  Ecologistas en Acción  
Ms. Blanca Jael Parrales Rodriguez  Advisor  Climate Change Resilience  Amigos del Viento  
Sra. Ana Victoria Portocarrero Lacayo  PHD reseacher  Climate Change  Universidad Centroamericana  
Sr. Pedro Pozas Terrados  Proyecto Gran Simio  
Sr. Alejandro Quecedo  Sociedad Española de Ornitología/BirdLife  
Sr. Hernán Ramírez  Research Associate  No more coal campaign  Fundación Terram  
Ms. Yurshell Yanishey Rodríguez Hooker  Researcher  Environmental justice and climate change  Corporación Centro de Estudios de Derecho, Justicia y Sociedad  
Sra. Maria Jose Rovira Daudi  Fundación para la Pezca Sostenible  
Mr. Ricardo Rubio Esparza  Organizer  Sustaining All Life  Reevaluation Foundation  
Ms. Asuncion Ruiz Guijosa  Directora Ejecutiva  Management Team  SEO/Bird Life  
Sr. Eduardo Salazar  Asociación para la Justicia Ambiental  
Sra. Denise Salinas  Cverde  
Sr. Victor Manuel Saravia Orellana  Executive Director of AESMO  Executive management  
Asociación Ecológica de San Marcos de Ocotepeque  
Ms. Krista Elizabeth Shennum  Master of Environmental Management Candidate  School of Forestry and Environmental Studies  Yale University  
Sra. Maria Anna Sujkowska  Encargada de área  Economias Territoriales de Triple Impacto  Corporación de Estudios y Desarrollo Norte Grande  
Ms. Amparo Vigil  Interpreter  Sustaining All Life  Reevaluation Foundation  
Mr. Jesse Cimaron Worker  Associate  Governance Center  World Resources Institute  
Mr. John Young  Rios to Rivers  
Ms. Sara Patricia Zurita Serrano  Global CEO  Management Team  BirdLife International  
Climate Action Network Australia 
Ms. Julie-Anne Richards  Executive Director  
Ms. Teruabine Nuariki  Kiribati Climate Action Network  
Mr. Dylan Pursche  
Mr. Kevin John Englart  Convenor  Climate Action Moreland  
Climate Action Network Canada 
Ms. Jennifer Lash  Vice-Chair of the board  
Mr. Thomas Harrison  Program Manager  Global Gas and Oil Network  
Ms. Sheila Muxlow  Development Director  Indigenous Climate Action  
Mr. Nigel Henri Robinson  Indigenous Climate Action  
Mr. Mark Walter  sustainable food systems  
Ms. Kalilah Rampanen  Indigenous Climate Action  
Ms. Norma Anne Kassi  Director of Indigenous research  Canadian Mountain Network  
Mr. Clayton Thomas-Muller  Media Lead  Indigenous Climate Action  
Mr. Jordan Peterson  Youth Climate Lab  
Ms. Crystal Martin  President  National Inuit Youth Council  
Mr. Dana Tizya-Tramm  Chief  Vuntut Gwitchin Government  
Mr. Allan Lissner  Photographer  Indigenous Climate Action  
Ms. Giulia Carlini  Staff Attorney  Center for International Environmental Law  
Mr. Brennan Thomas Malcolm Manoakeesick  
Ms. Krista Banasiak  Strategic Advisor  International Health  Canadian Medical Association  
Ms. Fawn Malvini  President  Quinault Indian Nation  National Congress of American Indians, United Tribes of Michigan  
Ms. Julia Maria Gorricho Escobar  Project Officer for South America  
Ms. Anick Losier  Director  Media & Issue Management  Canadian Medical Association  
Ms. Portia Morin  Indigenous Climate Action   
Climate Action Network International 
Mme Tashneem Essop  Interim Executive Director  Director  
Ms. Sarah Strack  Deputy Executive Director and Support Systems Director  Support Systems  
Ms. Marianne Toftgaard  Acting Head of Department  Climate Ambition and Action  
Mr. Stephan Herbert Carl Singer  Senior Advisor Global Energy Policies  Senior Management Team  
Ms. Dharini Parthasarathy  Senior Communications Coordinator  Communications  
Mr. Andreas Clemens Alexander Sieber  Policy Coordinator  Policy Advocacy  
Mr. Nathan Arnold Cogswell  Research Analyst  Climate Program  World Resources Institute  
Ms. Olha Boiko  CAN EECCA Coordinator  Climate Change  Ecoaction  
Ms. Gitika Goswami  Senior Programme Officer  Policy and Planning  Development Alternatives  
Ms. Céline Bak  Senior Associate  Sustainable Finance  International Institute for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Aouissa Salek  President  Laayoune Sakia El Hamra  Reseau Association khnifiss  
Ms. Nouhad Awwad  regional coordinator  Arab World  
Mr. Ashton James Berry  Global Climate Change Programme Coordinator  
Policy  BirdLife International  
Ms. Melanie Gytha Kempson Coath  Senior Policy Officer  Policy and Advocacy  
Ms. Pooja Dilipbhai Dave  Junior Policy Coordinator  Policy Advocacy  
Mr. Rami El-Akhras  Executive Manager  Management  
Ms. Tina Drupa  College of the Atlantic  
Ms. Hellen Gutierrez Farquhar  Project Assistant  Political Advocacy  
Ms. Anna Kriukova  Project coordinator  
Ms. Tatiana Lanshina  CEO  Research  Association Goal Number Seven  
Ms. Beatriz Luraschi  Principal Policy Officer  Global Policy  The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds  
Ms. Haneen Mahmoud Ali Hamed  Head of Environmental Entrepreneurship Unit  Entrepreneurship Department  AYB-SD Association  
Ms. Katrine Brandt Osterby  Human Ecology  College of the Atlantic  
Mr. Hamza Oudghiri  President of the Association  Civil society  
Ms. Olga Podosenova  Director  Energy Department  
Ms. Victoriia Rudenko  Project manager  Friends of the Baltic  
Ms. Tatiana Shauro  Regional Officer  Network Development and Outreach  
Mr. Santiago Lorenzo  Head of Sustainable Finance  Sustainable Finance  
Mr. Arif Rahman  Head of Environment and Climate Change  Environment and Climate Change  Hashoo Foundation  
Ms. Fiona Ryan  CCAN  Policy  
Mr. Nobert Ochieng Nyandire  National Coordinator  Climate Change and Governance  
Ms. Carol Mungo  Project Officer- Regional Sustainability Network  Climate Change  Hanns Seidel Foundation  
Mr. Michael Trevel Malcom  Executive Director  Environmental Justice  
Mr. Adrian Alberto Martinez Blanco  Director  Direction  Asociación La Ruta del Clima  
Ms. Makereta Waqavonovono  Member  Network  Climate Action Network Pacific Islands  
Ms. Leanna Dakik  Executive Officer  Executive Office  
Ms. Sophia Mara Ptacek  Program Assistant, Policy Analysis  Climate and Clean Energy Program  Natural Resources Defense Council  
Mr. Gin show Liou  
Mr. Mahdi Cherif Kaid Youcef  President  Association El Warda   
Climate Action Network International (continued) 
Ms. Jana Merkelbach  Head of Network Development & Outreach  Network Development and Outreach  
Ms. Janet Kachinga  Network Development Officer  Network Development and Outreach  
Sra. Karla Daniela Maass Wolfenson  Latin America Regional Officer  Network Development and Outreach  
Ms. Paloma Costa Oliveira  Coordinator of the Working Group of Climate Changes of Engajamundo  Coordination  Engajamundo  
Ms. Hala Murad  General Manager  DIBEEN  
Mr. Andres Agustin Fuentes  ECO Editor  Policy  Climate Action Network International  
Mr. Vadim Ni  Chair of the Board  Board  
Sr. Bruno Zilbeti Berilli  National Articulator  Climate Action Working Group  Engajamundo  
Ms. Beatriz Tsunouchi Pagy  Campaign Coordinator  Climate Action working group  Engajamundo  
Mr. Iago Hairon de Mello de Souza  General Coordinator  Administrative  Engajamundo  
Sr. Paulo Ricardo De Brito Santos  Campaign Coordinator  Climate Action Working Group  Engajamundo  
Sra. Giselli Raisa Cruz Cavalcanti  National Articulator  Climate Action Working Group  Engajamundo  
Ms. Hala Kilani  Senior Communication Officer  Comunications  
Sra. Nayara Almeida da Silva  National Articulator  Climate Action Working Group  Engajamundo  
Sra. Jaciara Beatriz Sousa de Vasconcelos  National Articulator  Climate Action Working Group  Engajamundo  
Ms. Karina Costa  Coordinator of Climate action Working Group  Climate Action Working Group  Engajamundo  
Sra. Aretha Mizael Monteiro  National Articulator  Climate Action Working Group  Engajamundo  
Sr. Yan Filipe Cavalcante Lobato Alves da Silva  National Articulator  Climate Action working group  Engajamundo  
Ms. Barbara Ferreira Viegas Rubim  Ambition and Action coordination officer  Ambition and Action  
Ms. Gabriela Baesse Iglesias Alves Pereira  National Articulator  Climate Action Working Group  Engajamundo  
Ms. Katherine Burnard  Operations Coordinator  Operations  
Mr. Kevin Buckland  co-Director  Artivist Network  
Mr. John Mary Odoy  Board Chair  Climate Action Network - Uganda  
Mr. Erick Kizito  Member  
Climate Action Network - Uganda  
Mr. Jose Emmanuel Micael VIII Eva  Social Media and Digital Communications Consultant  Communications  
Ms. Anne-Laure Pernee  Senior Relations Manager  Director’s Office  
Mr. David Pedersen  Senior Strategist  50by40  ProVeg International  
Ms. María del Koro López de Uralde Castellano  Comms Coordinator in Spain  Communication  Fridays for Future  
Mr. Mohamed Adow  Director  Power Shift Africa  
Ms. Nejma Ali Mehidi  
Ms. Margaret Jean Bergen  Communications Manager, Climate Program  Climate Program  World Resources Institute  
Ms. Maider Blanco López  
Ms. Bianca Borges de Castro  
Mr. Lasse Bruun  Global Director  Executive  50by40  
Ms. Jennifer Calder  Global expert on energy efficiency  Climate & Energy  WWF  
Ms. Marie-Ève Caron  Communication Coordinator  Communication  Association québécoise des organismes de coopération internationale  
Ms. Leidy Jhoanna Cifuentes Gomez  
Mr. Mauro Cioci  
Ms. Ester Paloma Helena Marisol Cortes   
Climate Action Network International (continued) 
Mr. David Dao  Member  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Mr. Ouronile Adam Daouda  Managing Director  Management  Urbis Foundation Togo  
Mr. Juan Del Río San Pío  Network and Outreach Coordinator  Core Team  European Network for Community-Led Initiatives on Climate Change and Sustainability  
Ms. Sarah Delisle  Volunteer  Association québécoise des organismes de coopération internationale  
Mr. Linus Dolder  
Mme Nadine-Angélique, Colette, Elisabeth Echtermeyer  Project Coordinator Sub-Saharan Africa  Sub-Saharan Africa, Institute of International Cooperation  Hanns Seidel Foundation  
Mr. Karim Hesham Fathy Mahmoud Elbana  Arab Youth Climate Movement  
Mr. Hossam Emam  Volunteer  Development no Borders  
Mr. Fernando Garci-Crespo Santalo  
Ms. Elizabeth Irving  
Mr. Taba Kalulu  Chief Executive Officer  Management  Centre for Integrated Development  
Mr. Florian König  Fridays for Future  
Mr. Obed Omete Koringo  Civil Society Advocacy Coordinator  CARE International  
Ms. Annika Kruse  Fridays for Future  
Ms. Sylvia Lanyasunya  Lead, Climate Change and Environmental Sustainability Portfolio  Climate Change  Hanns Seidel Foundation  
Ms. Soumia Lerari  Vice President  Mediterranean Youth Climate Network  
Mr. Alejandro Martínez  International Spanish Representative  International Area  Fridays for Future  
Ms. Noemi Kaja Matzner  Member  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Mr. Khaled Mehiz  Member  Projects  National Association for Voluntary Work  
Mr. Ahmed Melha  President  National association for volunteer work  
Mr. Lennart Merse  IT and Resource Advisor  Communication  Climate Action Network Tanzania  
Ms. Andréane Moreau  
Ms. Priscila Moreno  Coordinator  Climate Change  Red Terra Viva  
Mr. Sixbert Mwanga  Director  Climate Action Network Tanzania  
Ms. Luisa-Marie Neubauer  Fridays For Future Germany  
Mr. Tonny Nowshin  Diaspora Organizer  Global Programme  Sustainable Markets Foundation - 350.org  
Ms. Dominique Palmer  Observer  
Women’s environment and development organisation  
Ms. Paola Elizabeth Pillajo Puma  Project assistant  Hanns Seidel Foundation  
Ms. Sophie Jacqueline Richmond  Big Shift Global Coordinator  
Ms. Farron Rickerby  Youth Affiliate  Charged Up Program, Climate Solutions Team, Science & Policy  David Suzuki Foundation  
Mr. Héctor Santorum Ruíz  
Mr. Amr Mohamed Hussein Gabr Seleem  Coordinator  Cairo Climate Talks  
Ms. Maria Serra Olivella  
Ms. Diana Gail Shisk  Organizer  Sustaining All Life  Reevaluation Foundation  
Mr. Dario Alban Siegen  Member  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Mme Salilo Enele Sopoaga  Board Member  Tuvalu Climate Action Network  
Mr. Oscar Hector Soria  Campaign Director  Campaigns and Advocacy  Avaaz Foundation  
Ms. Uta Staschewski  Resident Representative, Kenya and Ethiopia  Management  Hanns Seidel Foundation  
Ms. Elizabeth Mary Suatoni  Deputy Director  Oceans  Natural Resources Defense Council  
Mr. Maina Talia  Secretary  Tuvalu Climate Action Network  
Mr. Ahti Ilmari Tolvanen  UNO Envoy  LUF  Canadian Unitarians for Social Justice   
Climate Action Network International (continued) 
Ms. Inge Vianen  Global Leader  Climate Change and Resilience Platform  CARE International  
Mr. Lukas Wirth  
Ms. Ariana Guevara Gómez  Institutional Relations and Communications Officer  Transparency International Spain  
Mr. Christian Zauner  Vice-Chair  Parents for Future Austria  
Climate Action Network South-East Asia 
Mr. Nithiyananthan Nesadurai  Regional Coordinator  
Ms. Anelise Zimmer  Associate  
Mr. Tran Anh Tuan  Associate Professor  Environmental Management and Climate Issues  
Mr. Fabby Victor Chandra Mulia  Executive Director  
Mr. Linus Jonathan Steinmetz  
Climate Action Reserve 
Mr. Craig Ebert  President  
Ms. Gillian Athya Calof  
Mr. William Watson Funderburk Jr.  
Ms. Meghan Elizabeth Gavin  
Mr. Jay Jerome Manning  
Ms. Susan Block Reiner  
Climate Advisers Trust  
Mr. Peter Graham  
Ms. Diana Movius  
Mr. Benjamin Simonds  
Climate Aid Initiative 
Mr. Kyle Lemle  
Ms. Irene Beth Woodard  
Ms. Anita Ehinome Adeyemi  Program Director  Women Environmental Programme  
Mr. Inya-Agha Gabriel Chukwuemelie  
Mr. Somtochukwu Obiahu Inya-Agha  
Mr. Usman Hamajam Suleiman  
Climate Alliance (Klima-Bündnis) 
Mr. Thomas Brose  Executive Director  
Ms. Silke Lunnebach  
Mr. Andreas Kress  Project coordinator  
Mr. Albert Vendrell Roca  Officer  Xarxa Ciutats i Pobles cap a la Sostenibilitat  
Climate Alliance Austria 
Mr. Francisco Javier Gomar Martin  Deputy President Climate Action Area Barcelona Province  Xarxa Ciutats i Pobles cap a la Sostenibilitat  
Ms. Leticia Marcela Doormann Codon  
Ms. Inmaculada Pruna González  Gerente de servicios de Medio Ambiente, de la Diputación de Barcelona  
Mr. Jose Wilter Rodriguez Rivera  
Climate Alliance Italy 
Mr. Miguel Morcillo  Project coordinator  Monitoring Climate Action  Climate Alliance (Klima-Bündnis)  
Mr. Jonathan Müller  Architect  Helix Pflanzen GmbH  
Ms. Eunice Antunes  Liderança indígena do povo Mbyá-Guarani da terra Morro dos Cavalos  
Climate Analytics GmbH 
Ms. Paola Parra  
Mr. Andreas Geiges  
Mr. Matthew Gidden  
Ms. Alma Jurgelaityte  
Ms. Maiju Katariina Mikkonen  
Ms. Elzbieta Smith  Head of Communications  
Ms. Claire Stockwell  
Climate and Health Alliance Inc. 
Ms. Ingrid Johnston  Senior Policy Officer  Public Health Assocaition  
Ms. Amelia Rose Burgess  Operations and Projects Support Officer  
Ms. Rashmi Venkatraman  Doctor of Public Health Candidate  London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine  
Ms. Jennifer Lynn Miller  Executive Director  Global Climate and Health Alliance  
Climate and Sustainable Development Network of Nigeria 
Mr. Baba Arah Abdullahi  Networking  Program  
Mr. Monday Abuh  Advisor  Advocacy  
Climate and Sustainable Development Network of Nigeria (continued) 
Mr. Mukhtar Muhammede Hassan Yahaya  M&E  Programs  
Mr. Usman Isah  Comms  Communications  
Mr. Charles Leonard Massawe  Trustee  Programme  Forum CC  
Mr. Pius Agaji Oko  Programme Assistant  Programmes  
Mr. Richard Abubakar Umar  Advocacy Officer  Programs  
Climate Chance Association 
Mme Dominique Pialot  
M. Romain Crouzet  Responsable des Programmes  
M. Amaury Parelle  Responsable Observatoire  
Mme Vanessa Laubin  Trésorière  
Mme Catherine Simonet  
Climate Change Center 
Ms. Young Sook Yoo  Co-Representative  
Mr. Jai Chul Choi  
Ms. Hyunah Choi  
Ms. Sohee Kim  General Director  
Mr. Sanghyun Kim  
Mr. Woo Kyun Lee  
Mr. Daegyun Oh  
Ms. Heyji Shin  Team Manager  
Mr. Sungnam Shin  
Climate Consortium Denmark 
Mr. Finn Mortensen  Executive Director  
Ms. Charlotte Marie Adrienne Gjedde  Senior Project Manager  State of Green  
Climate Equity Reference Project Canada  
Mr. Sivan Kartha  Senior Scientist  Equitable Transitions  Stockholm Environment Institute  
Ms. Catherine Milani  Coordinator  International Initiatives  Les YMCA du Québec  
Mr. David Rogers  Minister  The First Christian Church of Carlsbad  
Ms. Crystal Moran  Founder/Co-Founder  Frontera Water Protection Alliance  
Ms. Ashley Chisholm  Senior Advisor  Policy and Advocacy  Canadian Medical Association  
Climate Generation: A Will Steger Legacy 
Ms. Sarah Goodspeed  Youth and Policy Manager  
Ms. Sabrina Patlan  
Ms. Jennifer Kader  
Mr. Eric David Wojchik  
Climate Justice Program 
Ms. Sonam Gordhan  Consultant  
Mr. Juan Pablo Sarmiento Barletti  Advisor  Forests  
Ms. Phillipine Lekalakala  CJP  
Ms. Sisilia Nurmala Dewi  
Ms. Bibi Aichah Soogree  Support  Climate  Climate Justice Programme  
Ms. Juliana Melisa Asprilla Cabezas  Support  Gender  
Climate Leadership Council, Inc. 
Mr. Gregory Bertelsen  Senior Vice President  
Climate Markets and Investment Association Limited 
Ms. Margaret-Ann Splawn  Executive Director  
Mr. David Stone  Head of Communications  
Climate Outreach Information Network 
Mr. Francis Hugh Marshall  Director of Projects  Climate Outreach  
Climate Parliament 
Mr. Nicholas Dunlop  Secretary-General  Global Team  
Mr. Sergio Missana  Executive Director  Climate Parliament  
Ms. Bibiana Jones  
Ms. Sonia Karin Dunlop  
Ms. Dileimy Orozco Silva  
Mr. William Yeates  Communications manager  Powering Past Coal Alliance  
Mr. Vincente Ferrigno   
Climate Policy Center 
Ms. Sarah Elizabeth Chadburn  
Mr. Jerónimo López Martínez  
Ms. Kristina Charlotte Baer  
Mr. Anders Christian Beal  
Ms. Kirsty Clare Crocket  
Mr. José Abel Flores Villarejo  
Ms. Regine Marianne Elisabeth Hock  
Mr. Rolf Roedven  
Climate Policy Initiative, Inc 
Ms. Barbara Buchner  Executive Director  Climate Finance  
Ms. Caroline Dreyer  Communications Associate  Climate Finance  
Ms. Angela Falconer  Associate Director  Climate Finance  Climate Policy Initiative, Inc  
Ms. Chavi Meattle  Analyst  Climate Finance  
Mr. Federico Mazza  Senior Analyst  Climate Finance  Climate Policy Initiative, Inc  
Mr. Edward Borgstein  Rocky Mountain Institute  
Climate Strategies 
Mr. Andrzej Blachowicz  Managing Director  
Ms. Julie-Anne Hogbin  
Ms. Maria Teresa Sanz Sebastian  
Climate Tracker Incorporated 
Mr. Christopher Wright  
Ms. Anna Pérez Català  
Mr. Alfonso Pérez López  
Mr. Allan Jay Quesada  
ClimateNet 
Mr. Reimund Schwarze  Professor for International Environmental Economics  Helmholtz-Center for Environmental Research - UFZ, Leipzig  
Mr. Dario Brescia  
Mr. Oleksandr Sushchenko  
Mr. Stephan Hoch  
Mr. Mats Marquardt  
Climatepolicy.net e.V. 
M. Niklas Eberhard Hohne  President  
Mr. Thomas James Day  Founding Partner  New Climate Institute  
Mr. Harry James Fearnehough  Climate Policy Analyst  New Climate Institute  
Mr. Markus Hagemann  New Climate Institute  
Ms. Mairi Louise Jeffery  
Mr. Aki Kachi  New Climate Institute  
Mr. Lukas Kahlen  
Mr. Takeshi Kuramochi  New Climate Institute  
Ms. Marie-Jeanne Kurdziel  New Climate Institute  
Mr. Swithin Yu-Tin Lui  NewClimate Institute for Climate Policy and Global Sustanability gGmbH   
Ms. Frauke Röser  Founding Partner  New Climate Institute  
Mr. Leonardo Teodoro Ferreira Nascimento  New Climate Institute  
Mr. Carsten Warnecke  Managing Director  none  New Climate Institute  
CliMates 
Ms. Laura Gauvrit  
Ms. Venni Arra  
Ms. Célia Begue  
Ms. Ann Laure Gaspardo  
Mr. Adelin Pierre  
Ms. Camille Rols  
Ms. Martina Trepczyk  
Mr. Hugo Viel  Secretary General  
ClimateWorks Foundation 
Mr. Charles Richrd McElwee II  
Mr. Jason Anderson  
Mr. Francis-Casey Cronin  Associate Director  Advisory and Research  
Ms. Amy Corinne Malaki  
Ms. Surabi Menon  
Ms. Ruth Cherono Sego  
Ms. Karen Regina Suassuna  Programme Officer  Environment Programme  Oak Foundation  
CO2GeoNet - The European Network of Excellence on Geological Storage of CO2 
Ms. Ceri Vincent  Senior Scientific Officer  BGS  CO2GeoNet - The European Network of Excellence on Geological Storage of CO2  
Mr. Júlio Carneiro  Assistant Professor  Geosciences  ICT / Universidade de Évora  
Ms. Sabina Bigi  Executive Committee member  Sapienza Uni.Roma  CO2GeoNet - The European Network of Excellence on Geological Storage of CO2  
CO2GeoNet - The European Network of Excellence on Geological Storage of CO2 
Ms. Paula Fernandez-Canteli Alvarez  R&D technician  Mineral Resources (Energy Resources Section)  IGME  
Mr. Sergio Persoglia  Secretary General  
Ms. Rowena Stead  CO2GeoNet Secretariat and Executive Committee Member  BRGM  CO2GeoNet - The European Network of Excellence on Geological Storage of CO2  
Coalition for Green Capital 
Ms. Andrea Colnes  Director for Global Green Bank Development  
Mr. John McGinley  Managing Parnter  
Mr. Robert Youngs  International Program Director  
Ms. Paques Sidonie Kuoam  Project Lead- Rwanda Green Bank  
Coastal Association for Social Transformation Trust 
Mr. Syed Aminul Hoque  Deputy Director  EquityBD  
Mr. Md Abul Basar  IBP Manager  Climate Governance  British Council  
Mr. Fox Enrique  Volunteer_Climate Campaign  Advocacy & Campaign  
Mr. Fox Gerard Eldon  Team Leader  PROKAS Program  British Council Bangladesh  
Mr. Ziaul Hoque Mukta  Secratary  Board of Management  Campaign for Sustainable Rural Livelihood  
Coastal Development Partnership 
Mr. Syed Jahangir Hasan Masum  Executive Director  
Mr. Md. Atiqur Rahman Tipu  Chief Coordination Officer  
College of Saint Benedict 
Ms. Corrie Grosse  
Ms. Alejandra Gallardo  
Ms. Brigid Mark  
Ms. Maija Eickhoff  
Ms. Sarah Larson  
Ms. Hannah Windschitl  
Ms. Jenna Benson  
Ms. Julia Abell  
Ms. Maria Schrupp  
Ms. Sophia Buysse  
Ms. Elena Lozano  
Ms. Morgan Murphy  
College of the Atlantic 
Ms. Ania Fairchild Wright  
Mr. Colin Casey Besaans  
Ms. Jenna Farineau  
Mr. Matthew McWhorter Kennedy  
Mr. Asad Rehman  
Mr. Oscar Reyes  
Colorado College 
Ms. Jill Marie Tiefenthaler  President  Office of the President  
Ms. Sarah Jean Hautzinger  Professor  Anthropology  
Mr. Daavi Gazelle  Student Researcher  Economics  
Mr. Timothy Carter  Researcher  Economics  
Ms. Illana Naylor  Climate Researcher  Economics & Business  
Mr. Christopher Zink  Researcher  Economics  
Mr. Marinus Wiewel  Researcher  Economics  
Ms. Aswira Sirja Pasha  Student Researcher  Economics  
Colorado State University 
Ms. Betsy Wier  Program Leader, Environmental Change & Health  One Health Institute  
Ms. Sarah Whipple  Ecology; Ecosystem Science and Sustainability; Natural Resource Ecology Laboratory  
Ms. Stefanie Berganini  Graduate Degree Program in Ecology  
Mr. Brian Bunte  Graduate Degree Program in Ecology  
Ms. Wei-Yin Hsu  Ecosystem Science and Sustainability  
Ms. Julia May Young  Ecosystem Science and Sustainability   
Columbia University 
Mr. David Sandalow  
Sra. Josefina Correa  
Ms. Lisa Dale  Lecturer  Earth Institute  Columbia University  
Mr. Juan Carlos Espinosa Bustillos  School of Professional Studies  
Mr. Samuel Julio Friedmann  Senior Research Scholar  School of International and Public Affairs  
Mr. James Gong  
Mr. Jonathan Lesser  Environmental Fellow  Environmental Science and Policy  
Comité 21 / Club France Développement Durable 
Mme Bettina Laville  Présidente  
M. Xavier Corval  Président  Eqosphere  
Mme Audrey De Garidel  Co-Founder  So-Impact  
Mme Virginie Hugues  
Mr. Nicolas Imbert  Executive Director  Green Cross  
Mme Marie-Anne Le Meur  Experte climat et qualité de l’air  Energies 2050  
Ms. Michelle Jolie Parra Guedez  Global Relationship Manager  ClimateSeed  
M. Pierre Victoria  Vice-President Sustainable Development  Sustainable Development  Veolia  
Comité Catholique contre la Faim et pour le Développement – Terre solidaire 
Ms. Manon Castagné  Food Sovereignty & Climate Advocacy Officer  Comité Catholique contre la Faim et pour le Développement 13 Terre solidaire  
Mr. Francisco da Silva Piyako  Coordinator  Organização dos Povos Indígenas do Rio Juruá (OPIRJ)  
Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow 
Mr. Craig Rucker  Executive Director  
Mr. Michael Goetz  Counsel  
Mr. Adam Houser  Director of Collegians  
Mr. Marc Morano  Communications Director  
Compassion in World Farming 
Mr. Duncan Williamson  International Head of Policy  Head Office  
Competitive Enterprise Institute 
Mr. Rupert Darwall  Senior Fellow  Centre for Policy Studies  
Mr. James Taylor  Vice President for External Relations  Heartland Institute  
Ms. Samantha Mathew  Strategic Partnerships Co-ordinator  Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow  
Ms. Keely Drukala  Deputy Director of 
Communications  Heartland Institute  
Mr. Wolfgang Mueller  General Secretary  
Confederación Española de Organizaciones Empresariales 
Ms. Cristina Rivero Fernández  
Sr. Iván Albertos García  
Mr. Alfonso Andres Picazo  
Mr. Angel Bautista Fernández  
Ms. Marta Blanco Quesada  
Ms. Marta Camacho Parejo  
Sra. Laura Castrillo Nuñez  
Sra. María Cortés López  
Mr. Pablo de Juan García  
Mr. Alejandro De Juanes Seligmann  
Ms. María Aránzazu Del Valle Schaan  
Mr. Manuel Domínguez Domínguez  
Mr. Mauricio García de Quevedo Ruiz  
Mr. David García Maroto  
Ms. Noemí Grandío de Assas  
Mr. Pedro Homedes Rivero  
Ms. Estrella Larrazábal Moya  
Ms. Gisela Loran  Director  Environmental Department  Taller de Ingeniería Ambiental, SL  
Mr. Iago Menéndez Valdés  
Mr. Carles Navarro Vigo  
Sr. Jorge Oliveira  
Sr. Santiago Oliver Sanjuán  
Ms. Marta Perez Dorao  
Mr. Antoni Picó i Azanza  
Ms. Ana Rivero  
Ms. Patricia Rouzaut Mendiluce  
Ms. Paloma Sanchez Pello   
Confederación Española de Organizaciones Empresariales (continued) 
Sra. María Torres Durán  
Mr. Hugo Ureta Alonso  
Mr. Aniceto Zaragoza Ramírez  
Confederation of Danish Industry 
Mr. Troels Ranis  Director Energy and Climate Policy  
Mr. Anders Holst Nymark  Lead Public Affairs Advisor  Ørsted  
Mr. Lars Bach Jensen  Leading Senior Adviser, Climate Policy  
Confederation of Indian Industry 
Ms. Shuva Subir Raha  Head - New Initiatives  Energy & Infrastructure  
Mr. Arnab Deb  Associate Counsellor  CII-ITC Centre of Excellence for Sustainable Development  
Confédération Paysanne 
Mme Virginie Raynal  
Mme Rosalind Corbett  
Mme Maria José Castro Lage  
Mr. Sanchez Anso Javier  
Conférence des Régions Périphériques Maritimes d’Europe  
Mr. Francesco Catte  Conference of Peripheral Maritime Regions  
Mr. Cornelis Johannes Loggen  Vice President of CPMR and Regional Minister  Province of Noord-Holland  
Mr. Martijn Lucas  Policy Advisor  Province of Noord-Holland  
Conseil de la Jeunesse de la Communauté Française de Belgique 
Mme Nour Antaki  Université Libre de Bruxelles  
Conseil des Communes et Régions d’Europe 
Ms. Eva Banos de Guisasola  Advisor Climate of CEMR  
Ms. Georgina Mombo Rasero  Officer, Communication  Council of European Municipalities and Regions - Spain  
Mr. Serafin Pazos Vidal  Head of Brussels Office  Convention of Scotttish Local Authorities  
Mr. Frédéric Vallier  Secretary General  
Consejo Empresario Argentino para el Desarrollo Sostenible 
Sra. Maria Virginia Vilariño  Manager, Climate and Energy  
Sr. Gabriel Federico Perez  Manager, Environment  Andreani  
Consejo Nacional para la Ética Pública 
Ms. Magaly Ávila Huanca  Directora del Programa de Gobernanza Ambiental  
Conservation International 
Ms. Mariela Perrone Reed  Manager  Global Policy  
Ms. Fanny Gauttier  Manager  
Global Public Partnerships, CI-Europe  
Mr. Luis Pablo Barquin Valle  Managing Director  Dedicated Grant Mechanism  
Ms. Stephanie Kimball  Director  Climate Change Strategy  
Mr. Bronson Winthrop Griscom II  Natural Climate Solutions Fellow  Global Solutions  
Mr. Lyle James Roth  Senior Vice President  Global Policy and Government Relations  
Mr. Steven Panfil  Sr. Director, Project Development and Implementation  GCF Implementing Agency  
Ms. Shyla Raghav  Climate Change Lead  Climate Strategy  Conservation International  
Ms. Lisa Mary Famolare  Vice President, Nature for Climate  Americas, AFD Executive  
Mr. Kipp Lanham  Media Relations Manager  Brand + Communications  
Mr. Mauricio Soler Bianco  Vice President, Brazil Program  Americas, Brazil  
Ms. Anne-Claire Bremard  Manager, European Public Partnerships  Global Public Partnerships, CI-Europe  Conservation International  
Ms. Marta Almudena Quinonero Candela  Manager, European Public Partnerships  CI Europe and GPP   
Cooperation Internationale pour le Développement et la Solidarité 
Ms. Chiara Martinelli  Executive Advisor, CIDSE  
Mr. Martin de Jong  Climate & Energy Officer  
Mr. Marco A. Gordillo Zamora  Campaigns Coordinator  Manos Unidas  
Ms. Elana Wright  Advocacy and Research Program Officer  Development and Peace  
Mr. Ben Wilson  Policy Officer, Scottish Catholic International Aid Fund  
Sra. Jacqueline Martinez Rivas  FUNDASAL  
Sra. Carla Beatriz Recinos de Galuteau  FUNDASAL  
Ms. Kimberley Ogonda  Lobby and Advocacy Expert for Resilience  
Mr. Kurth Aldrin Mendoza Gutierrez  
Coopération pour le développement et l’amélioration des transports urbains et périurbains 
Mr. Sasank Vemuri  Coordinator  MobiliseYourCity Secretariat  
Mr. Vincent Larondelle  Monitoring, Evaluation and Communication Manager  MobiliseYourCity Secretariat  
Mr. Tristan Morel  Technical Advisor  MobiliseYourCity Secretariat  
Coordinadora de Desarrollo y Defensa de los Pueblos Indígenas de la Región San Martín 
Sr. Segundo Tuanama  
Sr. Jamner Manihuari  Coordinadora Regional de los Pueblos Indígenas de San Lorenzo  
Ms. Evelyn Molina  
Sra. Sara Vignolo  
Coordinadora de Organizaciones de Agricutores y Ganaderos 
Mr. Henderman  La via Campesina  
Mr. Amaru Faustino Torrez Ruiz  La Via Campesina  
Mr. Afgan Fadilla  La via Campesina  
Ms. Michaelin Sibanda  United Nations University - Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Coordinadora Rural de la Papa - Perú 
Mr. Jesús Eduardo Calderón de la Barca Quiroz  Director General  Gobernabilidad Perú  
Sra. María Jesús De Jaén Beltra  Gerente  Relaciones Institucionales  
Ms. Inés Murueta-Goyena  Directora de Relaciones Institucionales  
Coordinating Body of Indigenous Organizations of the Amazon Basin 
Mr. Jose Gregorio Diaz Mirabal  
Mr. Robinson Lopez Descanse  
Mr. Mario Ramiro Vargas Tanchimia  
Mr. Mario Enrique Salazar Shiguango  
Mr. Elcio Severino da Silva Machineri  
Ms. Francinara Soares Martins  
Mr. Holguer Zack Romo Paredes  
Ms. Claudette Labonte  
Ms. Alexandra Plüss Encarnación  
Mr. Marlon Richard Vargas Santi  
Corn Refiners Association, Inc. 
Ms. Jessica Bowman  Vice President of Advanced Bioproducts  Advanced Bioproducts  
Mr. Greg Downing  Director, Sustainability, Cargill  
Ms. Ligia Aceves  Faculty Assistant  School of Public Policy  University of Maryland  
Mr. Lance Pierce  Senior Advisor, CIG  University of Maryland. School of Public Policy  
Cornell University 
Ms. Maricelis Acevedo  CALS IP  
Ms. Lillian Bermel  EAS Department  
Mr. Christopher Dunn  Director, Cornell Botanic Gardens  
Mr. Matthew Ferraro  
Mr. Clifford Elliott Kraft  Professor, Department of Natural Resources  
Mr. John Andrew McKain  Director, Atkinson Center  
Ms. Claire Song  EAS Department  
Ms. Sharon Lee Tennyson  Mr. Michael Peter Hoffmann  
Ms. Tasnuva Ferdous Ming Khan   
Corporación Fiscalía del Medio Ambiente 
Sra. Gabriela Burdiles Perucci  Directora de Proyectos  
Mr. Felipe Pino Zúñiga  FIMA NGO  
Corporate Accountability International 
Mr. Sriram Madhusoodanan  
Ms. Taylor Billings  
Mr. Daniel Felipe Dorado Torres  
Ms. Rachel Rose Jackson  
Mr. Philip Jakpor  
Ms. Eliza Rose Jenkins  
Ms. Hellen Neima  
Ms. Nathalie Rengifo Alvarez  
Corporate Europe Observatory Foundation 
Mr. Pascoe Sabido  
Ms. Sandra Patricia Bustamante Antezana  
Ms. Anjali Appadurai  
Mr. Millon Belay  
Ms. Nancy Camacho  
Ms. Heather Ann Dean  
Ms. Carolina Coll Marques  
Ms. Ruth Miller  
Ms. Wilma Mendoza Miro  
Ms. Lillian Ono  Organizer  Sustaining All Life  Re-evaluation Foundation  
Mr. Ari Rubenstein  
Ms. Madeline Rose Shaw  
Ms. Moa Klara Tennberg  
Ms. Mary Kelton Vance  UK Youth Climate Coalition  
Mr. Martin Vilela  
Ms. Alissa Elain Weinman  
Ms. Rose Whipple  
Council on Energy, Environment and Water 
Mr. Sumit Surendra Prasad  Research Analyst  
Ms. Madhura Uday Joshi  Lead Energy Access and Climate Policy Consultant  India Program, Natural Resources Defense Council  
CropLife International 
Ms. Gloria Jaconelli  Communications Manager  
Mr. Robert Hunter  
Mr. Aaron Tepperman  Global Food Security Lead  Public Affairs and Sustainability  Bayer AG, Crop Science Division  
CUTS International 
Mr. Rashid S Kaukab  Executive Director  
Mme Yasmin Sherif Ismail Mohamed Ismail  
Danish 92 Group - Forum for Sustainable Development 
Mr. John Charles Nordbo  Member of Climate Committee  
Mr. Rasmus Stuhr Jakobsen  
Ms. Naja Linnea Pousette Lund  
Mr. Lasse Pinderup Nygaard  
Ms. Jennifer Luna Pedersen  
Danish Association of Consulting Engineers 
Mr. Morten Pedersen  International Director  Climate Change and Energy  NIRAS  
Danish Energy Association 
Mr. Lars Aagaard Moeller  Chief Executive Officer  
Danish Society of Engineers 
Ms. Pernille Hagedorn-Rasmussen  Policy Advisor  Policy and Communication  
Mr. Carl Aage Dahl  
Mr. Thomas Damkjær Petersen  President  The Danish Society of Engineers  
Ms. Camilla Mai Petersson  
Dartmouth College 
Ms. Hannah Payson  Associate Director  Center for Business, Government & Society  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Ms. Sneha Nagarajan  Center for Business, Government & Society  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Ms. Melina Sanchez Montanes  Center for Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Mr. Edward Beshers  Center for Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Ms. Elizabeth Davis  Center Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth   
Dartmouth College (continued) 
Ms. Elizabeth Holmes  Center for Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Mr. Tobin Krieg-Huntley  Center for Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Mr. Cristian Molina Cornejo  MBA Candidate  Center for Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Mr. Jenik Radon  Professor, SIPA  Columbia University  
Ms. Claire Shaw  Center for Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Ms. Mandy Yu  Center for Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
Mr. Kevin Yuan  Center for Business, Government & Society and Revers Center for Energy  Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth  
David and Lucile Packard Foundation 
Mr. Daniel Zarin  Director of Programs  Climate and Land Use Alliance  ClimateWorks Foundation  
Ms. Daniele Trindade Henriques Lerda  Brazil Lead  Climate and Land Use Alliance  
David Suzuki Foundation 
Mr. Stephen Cornish  Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Diego Creimer  Responsable, Affaires Publiques et Communications (Québec)  
Ms. Theresa Beer  Communications & Policy Specialist, Climate Solutions  Science & Policy  
Deep South Center for Environmental Justice, Inc. 
Ms. Ernestine Louise Johnson  
Mr. Max Almeida  
Ms. Andrea Lindblom  Stockholm Environment Institute  
Ms. Zoha Shawoo  Stockholm Environment Institute  
Mr. John Thomas Warford II  HBCU Partner  
Mr. Stig Marlon Weston  
Ms. Beverly Wright  Executive Director  Organizational Leadership  
Delta Electronics Foundation 
Ms. Yi-Chieh Chan  Climate and Energy Project Officer  
Mr. Yang-Chien Chang  Deputy Executive Director  Delta Electronics Foundation  
Ms. Hsin Hsin Fan  
Ms. I-Chieh Kuo  
Ms. Yi Chiao Lee  
Ms. Chen Ying Lee  
Ms. Ho-Ching Lee  
Ms. Jia-Yi Lin  
Ms. Ying Hsiu Lin  
Ms. Chi Hsin Yi  
Derecho Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 
Mr. Adolfo Chavez Beyuma  Coordinador de Relaciones Internacionales y Cooperación  Coordinating Body of Indigenous Organizations of the Amazon Basin  
Mr. Eligio Alberto Dacosta Evaristo  Presidente  Organización Regional de los Pueblos Indígenas del estado Amazonas  
Sra. Eleonore Johannes  Federación De Organizaciones Amerindias De Guyana Francesa  
Sr. Domingos Nunes de Oliveira  Chefe de aldeia  Articulação dos Povos Indígenas do Brasil  
DesertNet International 
Ms. María José Marqués  
Designated Operational Entities and Independent Entities Association 
Mr. Werner Betzenbichler  General Manager  
Mr. Vincent Doumeizel  Director, Lloyd’s Register Foundation  
Mr. Jose Luis Fuentes Pérez  Climate Change Auditor  Climate Change Unit  AENOR  
Mr. Raul Gonzalez Mitre  Managing Director  TUV NORD Mexico  
Mr. Kaushal Goyal  Managing Director  Climate Change Services  KBS Certification Services Pvt. Ltd.  
Mr. Sanjay Kandari  Head of Department  Climate Change Services  KBS Certification Services Pvt. Ltd.  
Designated Operational Entities and Independent Entities Association (continued) 
Mr. Ricardo Lopes  Executive Director Latam  Climate Assurance Services  Earthood Services Private Limited  
Ms. Olga Rivas  Iberian Technical Manager  Lloyd’s Register  
Mr. Kaviraj Singh  Managing Director  Climate Change Services  Earthood Services Private Limited  
Mr. Marcio Eduardo Viegas Campos  Area Sales Manager  South Europe  Lloyd’s Register  
Mr. Rainer Winter  Head of JI/CDM CP  Int. Proj. Climate Change  TÜV NORD  
Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit 
Ms. Vera Märtha Ingeborg Scholz  Head of Department  Climate Change, Environment, Infrastructure  German Agency for International Cooperation  
Ms. Jacqueline Begerow  Advisor, "Disaster Risk Management"  Department for Sector and Global Programmes  
Mr. Daniel Bongardt  Advisor, Division Climate Change, Rural Development and Infrastructure  Department for Sector and Global Programmes  
Ms. Lea Dünow  Advisor  Global and Sectoral Programmes  
Ms. Johannes Elle  
Mr. Michael Engelskirchen  
Mr. André Fabian  Component Manager  Support for the Implementation of the Paris Agreement Project  German Agency for International Cooperation  
Mr. Björn Fischer  
Ms. Marlen Görner  
Ms. Uta Klönne  
Ms. Andrea Kramer  
Ms. Andrea Kuhlmann de Perez  
Ms. Nana Künkel  
Mr. Jörg Linke  Head of Climate and Environmental Policies Competence Centre  Sectoral Department  
Mr. Bernd-Markus Liss  Head of Section Climate Policy  Climate Change, Environment, Infrastructure  German Agency for International Cooperation  
Mr. Andreas Nieters  Senior Advisor, Division Climate Change, Rural Development and Infrastrusture  Sectoral Department  
Mr. Andreas Proksch  
Mr. Jochen Renger  Head of the Division "Climate Change, Rural Development, Infrastructure"  Sectoral Department  
Ms. Isabela Santos de Albuquerque Nunes Koletzke  
Mr. Rainer Schröer  
Ms. Sandra Schuster  Advisor  Climate Change, Rural Development and Infrastructure  
Mr. John Kasiita Ssemulema  
Mr. Daniel Stadtmüller  
Ms. Ilka Starrost  Senior Project Manager  
Ms. Andrea Friederike Staudhammer  Climate Finance Specialist, 
Planning officer  Sectoral Department  
Mr. Björn Surborg  Head of Project "Support to the Climate Change Commission II", Philippines  
Mr. Axel Ulmer  Head Liaison Officer  Client Liaison and Business Development  
Mr. Andreas Villar  Head of Programme "German-Mexican Alliance for Climate Protection", Mexico  
Ms. Carmen Luisa Ida Vogt  Programme Manager “ICT solutions to climate adaptation in cities”; Sector Project “Sustainable Development of Metropolitan Regions”  Department for Sector and Global Programmes  
Mr. York von Falkenhayn  
Ms. Anja Wucke  Advisor  
Ms. Inga Zachow  Advisor  
Ms. Astrid Zwick  
Development Alternatives 
Ms. Shubhra Verma  Environmental Management  Yale University  
Ms. Diala Nizar Fakhri Al-Alami  Executive Director  Royal Marine Conservation Society of Jordan  
Mr. Silas Andreas Markert  
Ms. Ruchi Tripathi  Resilient Livelihoods and Climate Justice, PAGE directorate  ActionAid International  
Mr. Franco Alberto Zunino Sommariva  LC3-Project  EPFL   
Dharma Drum Mountain Buddhist Association 
Ms. Tan Yee Wong  UN Representative  International Relations  
Mr. Ricardo Manuel Toledo  
Ms. Georgia Ntousikou  
Diakonia 
Mr. Ariel Marcelo Chavez Benavides  Officer  
Mr. Erik Anders Oliver Bohm  Lutheran World Federation  
Dickinson College 
Ms. Keziah Groth-Tuft  Researcher  
Mr. William Kochtitzky  University of Ottawa  
Ms. Christine Renner  Colorado College  
Ms. Emma Strevey  
Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the USA 
Ms. Lynnaia Rochelle Main  Episcopal Church Representative to the United Nations  Mission Department - Global Partnerships  
Mr. John Cobb  Domestic & Environmental Policy Advisor  Office of Government Relations  
Ms. Melanie Mullen  Director  Reconciliation, Justice and Creation Care  
Ms. Frances Elizabeth Perry  Programme and Communication Manager  Anglican Alliance  
Dominicans for Justice and Peace  
Ms. Laurence Blattmer  
Ms. Cecilia Espenilla  
Ms. Mar Díaz Barba  
Mr. Xabier Gómez García  Promotor Regional JP-Europa  
Mr. Jose Carlos Alcázar González  
Ms. Maria Jesús Fernández Llamera  
Ms. Marcela S. Zamora Cisternas  
Ms. Alexia Gordillo Manzano  
Drexel University 
Mr. Hugh Johnson  Senior Associate Director  A.J. Drexel Institute for Energy and the Environment  
Ms. Sofi Frances Courntey  
Ms. Sumita Gangwani  
Ms. Sandra Denise Kelly  
Mr. John Patrick McCausland  
Ms. Savanna Michener  
Mr. Franco Montalto  Associate Professor  Civil Architectural Environmental Engineering  
Ms. Korin Rue Tangtrakul  
DRIS/Desarrollo Rural Sustentable 
Ms. Helena Salaberria Tellechea  Researcher  
Mr. Geoffroy Damant  Researcher  
Duke University 
Mr. Jackson Ewing  
Ms. Zukhruf Amjad  
Ms. Alexandra Bennett  
Ms. Grace Zhuoxuan Chan  
Mr. Thandolwethu Zwelakhe Dlamini  
Ms. Emma Monica Hughes  
Mr. Goh Xie Loong  Climate Action Network South-East Asia  
Ms. Marie Elizabeth McNamara  
Ms. Melinda Melvin  
Ms. Suzanne Noelle Mullins  
Mr. Riley John Pfaff  
Mr. Forrest Guy Robinette  
Mr. Corey Joseph Sugerik  
Ms. Cai May Tan  
Earth Child Institute 
Ms. Eve Harrison  
Mr. Mark McCaffrey  Focal Point  Fundación Ecos  
Mr. Viktor Jósa  Co-focal Point for ECOS  
Earth Day Network 
Ms. Kathleen Rogers  President  
Ms. Tiahoga Ruge Scheffer  Regional Director, Mexico  
Mr. Guiseppe Massimiliano Falcone  Communication Strategist  
Earth Innovation Institute 
Mr. Daniel Nepstad  
Mr. Juan Pablo Ardila Lopez  
Mr. Yves, Jean, André Bergougnoux  
Mr. Timothy Campbell Clairs  
Mr. Sergio Corella Martinez  
Ms. Maria Adelaida Fernandez  
Ms. Aja Lenore Heisler  Program and Development Manager  
Ms. Elsa Renee Huaman Mendoza   
Earth Innovation Institute (continued) 
Mr. Peter Schurmann  
Mr. João Yukioshi Shimada  
Mr. Jorge Gustavo Alejandro Suarez de Freitas Calmet  Coordinador del Programa Perú  
Ms. Constance Visser Witman  Program and Development Associate  
Earth Island Institute, Inc. 
Ms. Janet MacGillivray-Wallace  Director  Seeding Sovereignty  
Earthjustice 
Mr. Ilyess El Kortbi  Fridays For Future Ukraine  
Earthworks 
Mr. Ethan Buckner  Energy Campaigner  
Ms. Nathalie Eddy  Field Advocate  
Eberswalde University for Sustainable Development 
Ms. Pin-Jui Chen  Centre for Econics and Ecosystem Management  
Ms. Isabel Hedwig Seeger  
Ms. Susana Filipa Bastos dos Santos  
Mr. Maximilian Fuchslueger  
Ms. Namitha Vivek  
Ms. Ariane Melanie Wrumnig  
EcoArts Connections 
Ms. Laura Wieland  Director  Omega Center for Sustainable Living  Omega Institute  
Ms. Laura Pando Martinez  Managing Director  Julie’s Bicycle  
Ms. Isabelle Jean-Charles  
Ms. Ruth Spencer  Deputy Chair  Marine Ecosystem Protected Area Trust Inc.  
Ms. Brigit Stattelman-Scanlan  Associate/Researcher  Environmental Studies  College of Saint Benedict  
Mr. Kyrill Ninov  Viktoriaschule Darstadt  
Ms. Alexis Arthur  Programme Officer  Bureau of Policy and Programme Support  United Nations Development Programme  
Mr. Daniel Vernick  Univ. Hawaii / Alliance for Climate Action  
Mr. Patrick McKee  Sustainability Program Manager  Office of Sustainability  University of Connecticut  
Mr. Rich Miller  Director  Office of Sustainability  University of Connecticut  
EcoClub 
Ms. Oksana Mariuk  
Ms. Yevheniia Zasiadko  
Ms. Marharyta Mostova  
Ms. Iryna Bondarenko  
Ms. Daryna Kulaha  
Mr. Julio Rivera Alejo  Center for Clean Air Policy  
Mr. Jose Manuel Gomez Perez  
Mr. Miguel Angel Diaz Camacho  
Ms. Alicia Torrego  
Sra. Chemida Vera  
Ms. Mireya Reguart Oyarbide  
Ms. Marta Seoane  
Mr. Mariano de Andreas Rodri-guez-Tellez  
Mr. Eduardo Perero  
Mr. Manuel Fonseca Gallego  
Ms. Elisenda Franquet Borrás  
Mr. Jorge Andrés Pineda Bruges  
Ms. Harmony Hita Torres  
Ms. Belén Municio Álamo  
Mr. Roberto Cerda Zuñiga  
Mr. Arnaud Fragnière  
Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Mines de Paris 
Mme Sandrine Selosse  
Ms. Mathilde Tessier  
Ecole Normale Supérieure 
Mme Salomé Dehaut  
Mr. Clément Astruc-delor  CliMates  
M. Robin Durand  
M. Léonard Ferdinand  
Ms. Fabienne Le Rasle  
Mr. Basile Poujol  
Ecolo Info 
Mme Lucie Pelissier  CliMates  
Ms. Katja Hummer  
Mme Irène Colonna d’Istria  
Mr. Matthias Zaussinger  
Ecologic Institute 
Mr. Heino von Meyer  Senior Policy Advisor  Ecologic Institute  
Mr. Michael Grubb  Professor of Energy and Climate Change  Institute for Sustainable Resources  University College London   
Ecologic Institute (continued) 
Ms. Ragnhild Pieper  Germany Strategic Communications Manager  Global Strategic Communications Council  
Mr. Anthony Holmes  Research Assistant  
Mr. Johannes Roland Eckstein  Senior Researcher  Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research  
Mr. Karsten Neuhoff  Board Member  Climate Strategies  
Ms. Kathryn Margaret McKenzie  Centre for Environmental Law & Governance  
Ecologica Institute 
Mr. Stefano Merlin  President  Institute Ecological  
Mr. Divaldo Jose Da Costa Rezende  Consultant  Principe’s Regional Government  Príncipe Island Regional Government  
Ms. Diana De Albuquerque Mello Leite  
Ecological Society of America  
Ms. Gillian Bowser  Colorado State University  
Ms. Tamera Breidenbach  Colorado State University  University of California  
Ms. Claire Eldora Carver  Student Researcher  Economics and Business  Colorado College  
Ms. Nathalie Therese Hodgman  
Ms. Caitlyn Abbey  
Mr. Patrick Cage  
Ms. Pamela Templer  
Ecology Center 
Mr. Neil Tangri  
Ms. Sirine Rached  
Ms. Ana Gutierrez Dewar  Directora Campañas y Relaciones Institucionales  Retorna  
Sr. Jordi Albacete López  
Sr. Irfan Ullah  Islamic Relief Pakistan  
Ms. Wang Mengjiao  
Economic Justice Network of the Fellowship of Christian Councils of Southern Africa 
Mr. Tshilidzi Madzivhandila  Chief Executive Officer  Management and Strategy  Food, Agriculture and Natural Resources Policy Analysis Network  
Mr. Francis Hale  Director Policy  Programme Development  Food, Agriculture and Natural Resources Policy Analysis Network  
Ms. Sithembile Ndema Mwamakamba  Programme Manager - Climate Change  Climate Change  Food, Agriculture and Natural Resources Policy Analysis Network  
Mr. Sindiso Ngwenya  Secretary General  Policy and Strategy  Food, Agriculture and Natural Resources Policy Analysis Network  
Economic Research Institute for Northeast Asia 
Ms. Enkhbayar Shagdar  Senior Research Fellow  Research Department  
 
Ms. Yukiko Arai  Branding producer/President  LINK the SKY  
Ecumenical Advocacy Alliance 
Mr. Manoj Kurian Kurian Pappy  Coordinator  Ecumenical Advocacy Alliance  
Ms. Malena Sol Lozada Montanari  World Student Christian Federation  
Ms. Maria Sonnleithner  Ecumenical Youth Council in Europe  
Mr. Marcelo D Leites Martinez  
Ms. Luise Klein  Ecumenical Youth Council in Europe  
Edison Electric Institute 
Mr. Eric Holdsworth  Director, Climate Programmes  
Mr. Brian Wolff  
Ms. Beth Viola  Senior Policy Advisor  Holland & Knight  
Electric Power Research Institute 
Mr. Steven Rose  
Emory University 
Mr. Daniel Rochberg  
Ms. Wenlu Ye  
Ms. Katelyn Boisvert  
Ms. Hope Dymond  University of Connecticut  
Mr. Nicholas Harbin  
Ms. Georgia Hernandez-Corrales  University of Connecticut   
Emory University (continued) 
Ms. Vanessa Ishimwe  
Mr. Danny Osorio  University of Connecticut  
Ms. Bianca Dilip Patel  
Mr. Nicholas Reynard  Imperial College London  
Energies 2050 
Mr. Hansley Valery Jacques Thibaud  Director  
Mme Laurence Catherine Sophie Halphen  Climate Change Expert  
Mr. Stéphane, Raphaël Quéfélec  Project Manager  
Mr. Victor Hugo Espinosa  Senior Expert  
Mr. Jean-Charles Lardic  Senior Expert  
Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit Limited 
Mr. Richard Black  Director  
Ms. Dorottya Bauer  
Ms. Anjuli Borgonha  Communications Manager  
Mr. Peter Chalkley  Deputy Director  
Ms. Helena Moniram  
Energy and Climate Policy Institute for Just Transition 
Mr. Jung Pil Lee  
Ms. Hye won Kong  
Ms. Jinmi Park  
Ms. JeongYeon Park  
Energy Research Centre of the Netherlands 
Mr. Xander van Tilburg  Scientific Researcher  
Mr. Jasper Donker  Researcher  Policy Studies  
Mr. Sam Lamboo  Researcher  Policy Studies  
Energypedia UG 
Ms. Johanna Hartmann  Managing Director  Energy  
Environment-People-Law 
Mr. John Earle Bonine  B.B. Kliks Professor of Law  School of Law  University of Oregon  
Ms. Martine Marie-Jacqueline Coguiec  
Environmental and Energy Study Institute 
Ms. Anna McGinn  Policy Associate  
Ms. Zoe Ernst  College of the Atlantic  
Ms. Rachel Jane Hay  College of the Atlantic  
Ms. Lesley Morton  The George Washington University  
Ms. Maria Garcia Pizarro  Union Iberoamericana de Municipalistas  
Environmental Defence Canada Inc. 
Ms. Julia Levin  
Ms. Nattalie Loretta Glover  
Ms. Rebekah Lynn Hinojosa  
Ms. Amanda Gail McKeel  
Environmental Defense Fund 
Mr. Alex George Hanafi  Director, Multilateral Climate Strategy and Senior Attorney  
Ms. Breanna Marie Lujan  Policy Analyst, Climate  
Ms. Katelyn Erin Roedner  Manager, US Climate  
Mr. Raul Augusto Arce Contreras  Communications Manager, Climate  
Mr. Pedro Piris Cabezas  Senior Economist  
Mr. Timothy Fitzgerald  Director of Impact  
Ms. Pamela Geraldine Kiely  Senior Director of Regulatory Strategy  Climate & Energy  
Ms. Bryony Katherine The Baroness Worthington  Director, Europe  
Mr. Gerald Miles  
Ms. Shareen Yawanarajah  
Ms. Willow Battista  Manager Research Design and Engagement  
Ms. Lauren Whittenberg  
Mr. Nicholas Ash  
Ms. Kelly Guthrie  
Ms. Rachelle Reyes Wenger  
Ms. Sarah Sutton  Sustainable Museums  
Environmental Law Institute 
Ms. Sierra Killian  
Ms. Cheryl O’Brien  
Ms. Jacqueline Kessler  
Mr. Jon Jacobs  
Ms. Kathleen Nielsen   
Environmental Law Research Institute LTD/GTE 
Ms. Erimma Gloria Orie  Researcher  
Mr. Gabriel Obhio Aborele  International Foundation for African Children  
Environmental Management for Livelihood Improvement Bwaise Facility 
Mr. Fazal Issa Abdulrahman Dinmohamed  Program Coordinator  Policy and Advocacy  
Ms. Pauline Nantongo Kalunda  Executive Director, Administration  Ecotrust  
Ms. Harriet Mbabazi  Resilience Manager, Programmes  
Ms. Christine Mbatuusa  Programme Coordinator  Programmes  
Mr. Anthony Mugeere  Manager  ACODE  
Environmental Quality Protection Foundation 
Mr. Ying-Shih Hsieh  Chairman  
Mr. I-Chan Cheng  Director and Senior Research Fellow  Research and Development  
Ms. Ho-Ching Lee  Professor  
Environnement et Developpement du Tiers-Monde 
Ms. Valeria Drigo  Project Manager  Enda Energie  
Mr. Mamouda Moussa Na Abou  Expert  Enda Niger  
Mr. Emmanuel Sobel Seck  Coordinateur Programme Environnement Knoweldge Management  Environnement Energie  Enda Energie  
Environnement Jeunesse 
Mme Catherine Gauthier  Executive Director  
Mr. Jonathan-Félix Giroux  
Mr. Rodrigue Turgeon  
Mme Sandrine Giérula  
Mme Smylee Marie-Clarisse Berger  
Mr. Gary-Luc Martin  First Nations of Quebec and Labrador Sustainable Development Institute  
Ms. Kijâtai-Alexandra Veillette-Cheezo Veillette-Cheezo  First Nations of Quebec and Labrador Sustainable Development Institute  
Ms. Karine Lapensée  Regional Climate Change Coordinator  First Nations of Quebec and Labrador Sustainable Development Institute  
Mr. Philippe Roberge  British Columbia Council for International Cooperation  
Equiterre 
Mr. Denis Côté  Policy Analyst  L’Association québécoise des organismes de coopération internationale  
Ms. Courtney Howard  Canadian Association of Physicians for the Environment  
Ms. Courtney Mullins  Project Manager, Communications  
ETC Group (Action Group on Erosion, Technology and Concentration) 
Ms. Silvia Ribeiro  Latin America Director  
Mr. Niclas Hällström  President of the Board  
Euro Chambres 
Mr. Clemens Andreas Rosenmayr, MSc  Policy Advisor  
Mr. Eero Lauri Sakari Yrjö-Koskinen  
Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change 
Ms. Elena Verdolini  
Ms. Petra Manderscheid  JPI Climate Belspo  
Mr. Mauro Buonocore  
European Association of Environmental and Resource Economists  
Mr. Jos Delbeke  
Ms. Phoebe Koundouri  
Mr. Aldo Ravazzi  
Ms. Claudine Derycke  
European Business Council for Sustainable Energy 
Mr. Kolja Kuse  Chairman  
Ms. Britta Waschl  Managing Director  
Mr. Miguel Waschl  Vice President International Affairs  GCERM  
Ms. Mera Kuse  Treasurer   
European Business Council for Sustainable Energy (continued) 
Mr. Marlon Kuse  Consultant  
Mr. Joe Aron Beeg  Consultant  Future Camp  
Ms. Katja Susanne Eisbrenner  Director  Navigant Energy Germany GmbH  
Mr. Joerg Doppelfeld  External Senior Consultant  FutureCamp GmbH  
Mr. Sven Schimschar  Associate Director  Energy  Navigant Energy Germany GmbH  
Mr. Jannik Dekold  
Mr. Andreas Kohn  Senior-Consultant  FutureCamp GmbH  
Mr. Axel Ziethe  General Manager  Innovation Automotive  BOS Technology Services GmbH  
Mr. Michael Bodlée  Innovation Automotive  
Mr. Luis Alaxander Reyes-Knoche  Consultant  
Mr. Marc Andressen  Consultant  
Mr. Daniel Scholz  Consultant  Climate  
Mr. Thibaud Benoit Lemercier  Managing Consultant  Navigant Europe Ltd.  
European Chemical Industry Council 
Mr. Charles-Henri Robert  Executive Director  Energy & Climate Change  
Mr. Peter Botschek  Director, Energy and Climate Policy  
Ms. Véronique Garny  Director Product Stewardship  Product Stewardship  
Ms. Florie Gonsolin  Manager  Climate Change & Energy  
European Climate Foundation 
Mr. Christian Teriete  
Mr. Jacob Armstrong  
Mr. Richard Baron  
Ms. Bridgette Burkholder  
Ms. Charlotte Francesca Inglis  
Ms. Helena Marschall  
Mr. Siddharth Pathak  
European Federation for Transport and Environment 
Mr. Francisco Segura Castro  
European Network for Community-Led Initiatives on Climate Change and Sustainability 
Mr. Duncan Crowley  Researcher/Architect  University of Lisbon  
Mr. Victor Torre  RIE Team Member, Valdepiélagos Eco Housing Representative  Valdepiélagos Eco Housing /RIE  ECOLISE/RIE  
Ms. Nonty Sabic  Rise Ubuntu Network Co-founder  GEN Advocacy  
Ms. Mar Muro  Difussion and marketing  Red Transición  
Mr. Juan Pedro Franco  Bioconstruction + Permaculture Designer + Facilitator  
Co-Founder Spanish National Permaculture Network "Permacultura Íbera"  
Ms. Katja-Maaret Haarla  Youth Representative  Sáminuorra  
Ms. Birit Anneli Haarla  Youth Representative  Sáminuorra  
Ms. Ane Margrethe Ugelvik  Youth Representative  Sáminuorra  
European Nuclear Society 
Ms. Valerie Faudon  Executive Director  French Nuclear Society  
Ms. Jadwiga Najder  
Mr. Javier Guerra Saiz  
Mr. Darío Andrés Cruz Malagón  
Mr. Ignacio Araluce Letamendia  
Ms. Carolina Ahnert  
Mr. Amparo Soler Martínez  
Mr. Leopoldo Antolín Álvarez  
Ms. Claire-Louise Isted  World Nuclear Association  
European Partnership for Energy and the Environment 
Ms. Andrea Martina Voigt  Director General  
European Petroleum Refiners Association 
Mr. Alain Mathuren  Communications Director  
European Round Table of Industrialists 
Mr. Hans-Jörn Weddige  Group Coordinator Energy, Environment and Climate Policies  Technology, Innovation and Sustainability  Thyssen Krupp AG   
European Union Chamber of Commerce in China 
Ms. Derina Man  
European Youth Forum 
Ms. Theresa Streib  
Mr. Frank Hoppe  
Ms. Barbora Kvasnickova  
Mr. Salvador Macías Parrado  
Mr. Roman Sieler  
Evangelical Environmental Network 
Mr. Brian Webb  
Ms. Joanne Beach  
Mr. Richard Killmer  
Ms. Caroline Fleischer  
Ms. Juliana Morillo  
Mr. Alexander Smith  
Ms. Rocio Parra  
Ms. Carol Phelps  
Evangelical Lutheran Church in America 
Ms. Ruth Mae Ivory-Moore  Program Director, Environment and Corporate Social Responsibility  
Ms. Cynthia Ann Crane  
Mr. Jorge Antonio Reyes Olivas  
Mr. Santiago de Jesus Rodriguez Lara  
Ms. Esmeralda Perez Hernandez  
Mr. Nehemias Rivera Medina  
Ms. Guadalupe Del Rosario Cortez De Huezo  
Ms. Savanna Paulena Sullivan  
Mr. Baird James Linke  
Mr. Hilliard Thornton Moore Jr  
Ms. Regina Queline Banks  
Ms. Tracey Leigh Secrest DePasquale  
Fachhochschule Muenster 
Mr. Günter Witzsch  Social Siences  
Ms. Renate Erna Oxenknecht-Witzsch  
Fairtrade Labelling Organizations International e.V. 
Mr. Dario Soto Abril  Global Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Lannette Kambole Chiti  Senior Advisor Climate Change  Global Products Programs and Policy  
Fauna & Flora International 
Mr. Chris Smith  Senior Redd Programme Manager  Finance + Enterprise  
Ms. Zoe Katharine Louise Cullen  Director  Conservation Finance & Enterprise  
Ms. Vanessa Caroline Ann Evans  Technical Specialist, Responsible Investment  Conservation Finance & Enterprise  
Feasta Ltd 
Mr. Theo Cullen-Mouze  
Federación de Pueblos Indígenas Kechwas de la Región de San Martín 
Sr. Walter Sangama  
Federación Nativa del Río Madre de Dios y Afluentes 
Sra. Ruth Racua  Dirigenta  Madre de Dios  
Sra. Claudia Galvez Durand  Tecnica Asesora  Madre de Dios  
Mr. Julio Cusurichi Palacios  Presidente, FENAMAD  Madre de Dios  
Sr. Jose Antonio Dumas Ramos  Dirigente  Madre de Dios  
Mr. Niurca Noemi Fernandez Saavedra  Dirigente  Madre de Dios  
Mr. Daniel Rodriguez Fernandez  Tecnico Asesor  Madre de Dios  
Federación Regional Indígena Shawi de San Martín 
Sr. Marco Lescano  
Sra. Tania Risco  
Ms. Gianella Sanchez  Federation of Native Communities of the Lower Ucayali  
Sra. Maria Trinidad  
Fédération Internationale des Ingénieurs-Conseils 
Mr. David Idriss Kathrada  Member, Sustainable Development Committee  
Ms. Jeshika Moonsamy  Civile Engineer, CESA  
Mr. Peter Boswell  Special Advisor   
Federation of American Women’s Clubs Overseas, Inc. 
Ms. Ayuska Mara Motha  
Ms. Joan Evers  
Ms. Stacey Kimmig  
Federation of Electric Power Companies 
Ms. Midori Murayama  General Manager  Siting and Environment Department  
Mr. Tomoyuki Nagashima  Deputy General Manager  Siting and Environment Department  
Ms. Sumie Nakayama  Senior Advisor on Climate Change  Corporate Planning and Administration Department  J-Power  
Mr. Tomohiro Tada  Siting and Environment Department  
Mr. Kenichiro Yamaguchi  Research Director  Environment and Energy Division  Mitsubishi Research Institute Inc.  
Federation of German Industries 
Mr. Joachim Dieter Erwin Hein  Energy and Climate Policy  
Ms. Jenny Bofinger-Schuster  Senior Vicepresident Sustainability & Cities  Strategy - Sustainability  Siemens AG  
Mr. Alexander Fichtner  Volkswagen AG  
Mr. Ulf Gehrckens  Aurubis AG  
Ms. Carolin Gürtürk  econsense  
Mr. Stephan Krinke  Volkswagen AG  
Mr. David Radermacher  E.ON  
Ms. Anna Rebekka Raiß  Zentralverband Elektrotechnik und Elektronikindustrie  
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry 
Ms. Mallika Bose  Senior Assistant Director  
Mr. Krishan Kolluru  Chairman  CVC India Infrastructure Private Limited  
Ms. Aparajita Agarwal  Senior Manager  Regulatory Affairs  TATA Steel  
Ms. Shruti Issar  Assistant Director  Environment  
Federation of Young European Greens 
Ms. Kelsey Deporte  
Ms. Georgia Margaret Stanley  Young Greens of Canada  
Ms. Sara Holthuis Merner  Young Greens of Canada  
Ms. Leida Amanda Luna Tacunan  
Sra. Paula Espinosa  Red Equo Joven  
Sr. Ángel Esteban Villabona  Red Equo Joven  
Ms. Ramona Stefanie Wüst  Fridays for Future  
FERN 
Ms. Nicole Polsterer  Sustainable consumption Campaigner  
Ms. Hillary Hope Fenrich  
Mr. Marcel Starfinger  Chair of Tropical Forestry  Technische Universität Dresden  
Fia Foundation for the Automobile and Society 
Ms. Sheila Watson  Deputy Director  
Ms. Bronwen Thornton  
Fondation BNP Paribas 
M. Sylvain Taboni  Engagement Program Officer  BNP Paribas  
Ms. Cecilia Boned Lloveras  
Mr. Herve Pierre Emmanuel Duteil  
Ms. Maria Amparo Perez-Camino Pinto  
Ms. Penélope Salas Alcántara  
Ms. Sabina Veksler  
Ms. Gwendolyn Luy Yu  
Fondation Mohammed VI pour la Protection de l’Environnement 
Ms. Kenza Khallafi  Chargée du Programme Education au Développement Durable  
Mr. Ismail Farjia  Junior Executive Manager  
Fondazione Centro Studi Enel 
Mr. Francesco Starace  CEO  ENEL  
Mr. Giuseppe Montesano  Deputy Director  Enel Foundation  
Mr. Carlo Papa  Director  Enel Foundation   
Fondo de Promoción de la Areas Naturales Protegidas del Perú 
Ms. Claudia del Carmen Godfrey Ruiz  Director of Development and Supervision  
Food & Water Watch 
Mr. David Sánchez Carpio  Director of EU Affairs  
Ford Foundation 
Ms. Vastir Eloy Amado  
Mr. Ladd Connell  Bank Information Center  
Mr. Candido Mezua Salazar  
Forest Stewardship Council 
Ms. Pina Gervassi  Climate Director  
Mr. Gonzalo Anguita Alegret  Forest Stewardship Council Spain  
Mr. David John Collard  PIPC  
Sr. Luis Otero  Director Camara Ambiental  
Forest Trends Association 
Mr. Michael Jenkins  President & CEO  
Mr. Stephen Donofrio  
Mr. Jose Roberto Borges  
Mr. Chris van Dam  
Mr. Ben Wilinsky  Arbor Day Foundation  
Forestry and Forest Products Research Institute 
Mr. Tamotsu Sato  Director  Department of Forest Vegetation  
Mr. Koichi Tokugawa  Chief Advisor  La Union Biological Corridor Project in Honduras  Japan International Cooperation Agency  
Forests of the World 
Ms. Gry Helene Bossen  Policy Coordinator  
Mr. Jakob Kronik  PhD. Socio-technological and Environmental Planning  
Mr. Makanya Zacharia Marigu  Pan African Climate Justice Alliance  
Sr. Manuel Antonio Gonzales Urday  
Forests Philanthropy Action Network 
Mr. Edward Rumsey  Affiliate  Management  
Foro Ciudades para la Vida 
Ms. Liliana Miranda Sara  Executive Director  Management  
Foro Soria 21 para el Desarrollo Sostenible 
Mr. Amalio Joaquín Marichalar  President  
Forum Atomique Européen 
Ms. Antonella Labarile  
Mr. Luis Felipe Durán-Vinuesa  
Ms. Laura Escribano Ucar  
Mr. Eduardo Gallego Díaz  
Mr. Pablo García García  
Mr. Antonio González Jiménez  
Mr. Carmelo Palacios Esteban  
Mr. Carlos Vázquez-Rodríguez  
Forum for Environment 
Mr. Yonas Gebru Gebreegziabher  Executive Director, Management  
Forum for Reforms and Entrepreneurship 
Ms. Mette Kahlin McVeigh  Climate Director  Climate Programme  
Mr. Lars Ruben Henriksson  Deputy Director of the Climate Programme  Climate Programme  
Mr. Sven Johan Nylander  Advisor  Climate Programme  
Mr. Diego Isabel  Fundacion Global Hub for Common Good  
Ms. Rebeca Pastor  Fundacion Global Hub for Common Good  
FORUMCC Limited 
Ms. Rebecca John Muna  Executive Director  
Ms. Angela Salvatory Damas  Director of Programs  
Ms. Jacquiline Dominic Massao  Program Officer  
Ms. Mariam Devidze  
Foundation 2° 
Mr. Martin Kaul  Head of Office & Senior Advisor  Foundation 2° - German CEOs for Climate Protection  
Mr. Martin Frieder Bosak  Project Manager  Foundations Platform F20  
Ms. Moska Timar Timar  Project Manager  Foundations 20 Platform   
Foundation 2° (continued) 
Mr. Frank Dehnhard  Founder  Global Environmental Solutions Institute  
Ms. Sanna Markkanen  Research Associate  University of Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership  
Ms. Corinna Arnold  Fridays For Future Germany  
Foundation Environment - Law Society 
Mr. Michael Mehling  Deputy Director, CEEPR  
Mr. Farid Oddin Karimi  Researcher  Interdisciplinary Centre for Baltic Sea Region Research  University of Greifswald  
Foundation for Environmental Education 
Mr. Daniel Schaffer  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Ishbel Cora Rodríguez  
Ms. Ruz I. Deliz  
Mr. Alvaro Jiménez  
Ms. Laura Morgado  
Ms. Joana Pedro  
Ms. Lauren Ricard  
Mr. José R. Sánchez Moro  
Mr. Pramod Kumar Sharma  
Foundation for GAIA 
Ms. Vita de Waal  Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Joshua Cooper  
Mr. Howard Orenrekowah Thompson  Haudenosaunee External Relations Committee  
Mr. Kenneth Atsenhaien:ton Deer  Haudenosaunee External Relations Committee  
Mr. Kai Muller  
Foundation for Promoting Personal Mobility and Ecological Transportation 
Mr. Hirotsugu Maruyama  
Mr. Masaru Kumai  Manager  Environmental Transport Promotion Division  
Mr. Choudhury Rudra Charan Mohanty  
Foundation for Sustainability 
Mr. Klaus Wilhelm Milke  Chairman of the Board  
Ms. Roxana Baldrich  Policy Advisor  International Climate Policy  Germanwatch  
Ms. Anne Katharina Friederike Kling  Germanwatch  
Ms. Julia Sonntag  Project Manager  International Understanding and Cooperation  Robert Bosch Stiftung GmbH  
Foundation for the Rights of Future Generations 
Ms. Anna Braam  Climate Policy Expert  
Ms. Jana Stingl  Climate Policy Expert  
Mr. Christian Deutschmeyer  Climate Policy Expert  
Ms. Fenja Katharina Feitsch  Climate Policy Expert  
Mr. Maximilian Friedrich  Climate Policy Expert  
Mr. Yannick Haan  Climate Policy Expert  
Ms. Pia Theresa Jorks  Climate Policy Expert  
Mr. Simon Lange  Climate Policy Expert  
Mr. Julius Schlumberger  
Ms. Lisa Steinwandel  Climate Policy Expert  
Foundation Myclimate The Climate Protection Partnership 
Mr. Thomas Finsterwald  Co-Head of Department Climate Protection Projects  Climate Protection Projects  
Mr. Frank Helbig  Project Manager Climate Protection Projects  Climate Protection Projects  
Foundation of Taiwan Industry Service 
Ms. Chen-Yu  Yeh  Manager  Special Project Division 1  
Mr. Liang-tung Chen  
Ms. Li-hua Chen  
Ms. Wan-yi Chen  
Ms. Yu-chin Cheng  
Ms. Tse-ya Chou  
Ms. Mei-Kuei Chu  
Mr. Jen-mao Fan Chiang  
Mr. Chien-Ming Lee  Professor  Institute of Natural Resources Management  Taipei University  
Mr. Yuan-Chung Lin  
Ms. Lai-Ti Lin  
Mr. Chun-Sheng Wang  
Franciscans International 
Mr. Antonius Budi Tjahjono  Asia Pacific Advocacy Officer  
Mr. Joseph Kwame Blay  Board   
Frankfurt School of Finance and Management gGmbH 
Mr. Karsten Loeffler  Co-Head of FS-UNEP Centre  Frankfurt School - UNEP Collaborating Centre for Climate & Sustainable Energy Finance  
Mr. Manal Bernoussi  Strategy, Partnerships & Communications Director  Casablanca Finance City  
Ms. Annette Detken  Head ISF Management  IAS / ISF Management  
Ms. Fatma Dirkes  Head of IAS  International Advisory Services  
Mr. Eugen Doce  Senior Project Manager/ ISF Management  IAS / ISF Management  
Ms. Orsalia Kalantzopoulou  Chief Executive Officer  Europa Re  
Mr. Martin Knoll  Sektorökonom  KfW  
Ms. Olga Mursajew  Project Manager/ISF Management  IAS / ISF Management  
Mr. Willem Pieter Pauw  Senior Project Manager  FS-UNEP Centre  
Mr. Sebastian Rink  Project Manager  Frankfurt School-UNEP Collaborating Center  
Mr. Daniel Stander  Director  
Freie Universität Berlin 
Mr. Alexandre Muller  Sail to the COP  
Ms. Sarah Margot Kunze  Sail to the COP  
Fresh Energy 
Ms. Janet Drake Hamilton  Science Policy Director  
Friedrich Schiller University Jena 
Ms. Kelly Levin  Senior Associate  Climate Program  World Resource Institute  
M. Vega Månsson  
Mr. Rene Arturo Zamora Cristales  Senior Associate  Forest Program  World Resources Institute  
Mr. Erik Christiansson  
Ms. Ianthe Minnaert  
Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung e.V. 
Mr. Matthias Poralla  
Ms. Christiane Heun  Global Policy and Development  
Ms. Maria Adela Pallares  
Ms. Svetlana Cenic  
Friends of the Earth International 
Ms. Sara Shaw  
Mr. Ricardo Arnoldo Navarro Pineda  CESTA-Friends of the Earth El Salvador  
Ms. Victoria Achútegui Suárez  Friends of the Earth - Spain  
Mr. Ariel Achútegui Suárez  Friends of the Earth - Spain  
Ms. Celia Alldridge  
Ms. Cristina Alonso Saavedra  
Mr. John Roger Patrik Andersson  Friends of the Earth - Sweden  
Mr. Olaf Bandt  
Mr. Lucas Santiago Barrero García  Friends of the Earth - Spain  
Mr. Victor Barro Casal  
Mr. Martin Baumann  BUND / Friends of the Earth Germany  
Ms. Dipti Bhatnagar  
Mr. Ryan Omar Juson Camero  SustainUS  
Ms. Maria Castellina  Friends of the Earth EWNI  
Ms. Mary Church  Head of Campaigns  Friends of the Earth Scotland  
Ms. Nine de Pater  
Mr. Hector E de Prado Herrero  
Mr. Miguel Díaz Carro  
Ms. Judith Svenja Freund  
Ms. Ayumi Fukakusa  Friends of the Earth - Japan  
Ms. Isabelle Geuskens  
Ms. Tamra Lee Gilbertson  Indigenous Environmental Network  
Mr. Yuyun Harmono  
Ms. Emma Harvey  Friends of the Earth - Australia  
Ms. Nur Hidayati  Friends of the Earth - Indonesia  
Ms. Rachel Kennerley  
M. Kwami Dodzi Kpondzo  Les Amis de la Terre  
Mr. Bruno Lauteslager  Jornal do Meio Ambiente  
Mr. Andres Muñoz Rico  Friends of the Earth - Spain  
Ms. Karin Nansen Ricca  
Ms. Maria Novitasari  Young Friends of the Earth Europe  
Mr. Godwin Ojo  ERA/ FoE Nigeria  
Mr. Yuri Onodera  Centre for Environmental Justice  
Ms. Diana Osuna Garcia  Friends of the Earth - Spain   
Friends of the Earth International (continued) 
Mr. Nikolay Petkov  
Ms. Mariana Porras Rozas  Coecoceiba  
Ms. Madeleine Race  
Ms. Teresa Paloma Rodríguez Pierrard  
Ms. Blanca Ruibal  
Ms. Anne-Laure Sablé  
Ms. Isabel Salcedo Quiroga  
Ms. Ann-Kathrin Schneider  Bund  
Mr. Davit Sidamonidze  
Ms. Rusudan Simonidze  
Ms. Radostina Georgieva Slavkova  
Mr. Lawrence Sudlow  
Ms. Hanae Takahashi  
Ms. Ikponmwosa Rita Uwaka  
Ms. Laurie van der Burg  
Mr. Lars Rogier Matthias van Dorsselaer  Jornal do Meio Ambiente  
Ms. Ane Zuloaga  
Friends World Committee for Consultation 
Ms. Lindsey Fielder Cook  Climate Change Representative  Quaker United Nations Office  
Mr. Detmer Kremer  Programme Assistant  Quaker United Nations Office  
Mr. Gabriel Luis Hes  Researcher  University Ecole Normale Supérieure (Paris)  
Ms. Patricia Nadine Senge  Academic  Oxford University  
Ms. Monica Moreno Figueroa  Senior Lecturer  University of Cambridge  
Fundação Getúlio Vargas 
Ms. Mariana Xavier Nicolletti  Program Coordinator  Center for Sustainability Studies  Getulio Vargas Foundation  
Ms. Andreia Coutinho da Silva  Instituto Clima e Sociedade - ICS  
Ms. Amanda Paiva Ohara  E+ energy dialogues institute  
Ms. Raquel Martins Montagnoli  Engineer  Companhia Brasileira de Alumínio  
Ms. Alice De Moraes Amorim Vogas  Coordinator of Climate Policy and Outreach Portfolio  Instituto Clima e Sociedade - ICS  
Ms. Cintya Chaves  Consultant of Climate Policy and Outreach Portfolio  Instituto Clima e Sociedade - ICS  
Fundación Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 
Mr. Enrique Gabriel Maurtua Konstantinidis  
Ms. Jazmín Elisa Rocco Predassi  
Ms. Natàlia Ejarque Caldés  
Ms. Paula Soledad Bianchi Cobertti  
Ms. Maria Marta Di Paola  
Sra. María Julia Tramutola  
Ms. Laura Señán Cagiao  
Mr. Shaun Bruce Conway  
Fundación Amigos de la Naturaleza 
Ms. Natalia Valentina Calderón Angeleri  Executive Director  
Ms. Verónica Ibarnegaray Sanabria  Teamleader Adaptation Unit  
Sra. Maria Elena Angeleri Bernal  
Fundación Avina 
Sr. Hernan Andres Blanco Palma  
Ms. Paula Ellinger da Fonseca  Program Coordinator  Clima Change Program  
Ms. Yanina Paula Nemirovsky  
Ms. Andrea Giovana Rodriguez Osuna  
Mr. Guillermo Scallan  
Ms. Laura Señan Cagiao  
Mr. Juan Carlos Torrico Albino  
Fundación Cayetano Heredia 
Sra. Irma Mariela Morales Solis Rosas  
Fundación de Iniciativas de Cambio Climático 
Ms. Nora Carolina Zelaya Mejia  Voluntaria Universitaria  Dirección Ejectiva  
Fundación Defensores de la Naturaleza 
Mr. Oswaldo Javier Marquez Barrientos  Director Desarrollo Institucional  
Mr. Carlos Estrada  Director Tecnico  
Ms. Mercedes Fernández Armenteros  
Fundación Desarrollo Sustentable, A.C. 
Mr. Jose de Jesus Carrasco Montejano  External  UT Delft (hosted FDS Mexico)   
Fundación Despacio 
Ms. Marta Elia Serrano Balbuena  Transport Consultant  Mujeres en Movimiento  
Mr. Sebastián Castellanos  Research Lead - NUMO  
Ms. Paola Pulido  
Mr. Gregorio Magno Toral Jimenez  
Fundación Ecología y Desarrollo 
Sr. Víctor Viñuales Edo  Director Ejecutivo  Fundación Ecología y Desarrollo   (ECODES)  
Sr. Pablo Barrenechea Abecia  Adjunto Dirección  Fundación Ecología y Desarrollo   (ECODES)  
Sra. Cristina Monge Lasierra  Directora Conversaciones  
Ms. Miriam Zaitegui Perez  
Sra. María Oria Almudi  Directora Gerente  
Sr. Leonardo Gabriel Gutson  Director  Negocios Responsables  
Fundación Ecuatoriana de Estudios Ecológicos - EcoCiencia  
Ms. Carmen Josse  Directora Científica  
Fundación Fondo Centroamericano de Mujeres 
Sra. Raquel Magdalena Aveiro Vargas  Coordinadora de Programa Defensoras Territoriales-Paraguay  Fondo de Mujeres del Sur  
Ms. Maria Alejandra Escalante Rubio  Program Officer  
FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Marlyn Jeorget Garcia Padilla  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Fundación Futuro Latinoamericano 
Mr. Pablo Lloret  Executive Director  
Ms. Patricia del Rocio Velasco Arguello  Program Coordinator  Dialogue and Capacities towards Climate Change Program  
Mr. Jose Gerhard Favela Perez  
Mr. Iona Struth Hamilton  
Ms. Maria Ines Rivadeneira Herrera  
Fundacion MarViva 
Mr. Jorge A. Jiménez Ramón  Director  
Fundación Nueva Cultura del Agua 
Mr. Fernando Mestre-Sanchis  
Fundación para el Ecodesarrollo y la Conservación  
Ms. Rita Mishaan  Senior Advisor  General Direction  
Ms. Karen Dubois  Women Project Director  Izabal  
Ms. Monica González Cespedes  Indigenous Caucus  
Fundación para la Promoción del Conocimiento Indígena 
Mr. Onel Masardule  
Mr. Mario Agreda Uzeda  
Sr. Jorge Andreve D.  Coordinador, Proyectos  Proyectos  
Sra. Analia Desaparecida Da Silva  
Sra. Martina Xenia Garcia  
Ms. Chloe Rebecca Hans-Barrientos  
Mr. Ohorella Mohammed Ghazali  
Ms. Nathalia Alexis Penton  
Ms. Jocabed Reina Solano Miselis  
Mr. Daniel Fernando Tamayo  
Fundación PLENITUD 
Ms. Laura Rathe  
Ms. Patricia Cambiaso Rathe  
Ms. Adriana Pinto Brun  
Mr. Eduardo Lopez Cambiaso  
Ms. Daniela Lopez Cambiaso  
Ms. Maria Margarita Gual Soler  
Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima 
Sra. Elvira Carles Brescoli  Directora  
Sr. Lluís Vilardell Torrent  Executive Director  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sra. Rocío Fernández Flores  Sostenibilidad  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sr. Valentin Pablo Alfaya Arias  Jefe Servicio Medio Ambiente Dirección de Calidad, Prevención y Medio Ambiente  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima   
Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima (continued) 
Sra. Ana Belen Peña Laseca  Responsable de Cambio Climático y Calidad  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sra. María Antonia Valero Sin  Directora División Medio Ambiente  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sr. Jordi Portabella Calvete  Director de la Fundació de Recerca Catalana  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sr. Juan Luis Pozo Calderon  Director del área de Sostenibilidad Corporativa Global Omnium  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sra. Sonia Garcinuño Jimenez  Responsable de Medio Ambiente, Área de Investigación y Conocimiento  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sr. Jose Garriga Sala  
Sr. Diego Ramiro Pini  Director País Infraestructuras  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sr. José Ignacio Escobar Troncoso  Director General Sudamérica Energía  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sra. Carolina Ferrandis Pomes  Gerente del Departamento de Ingenieria de Acciona Ingeniería  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sra. Dinnorah Mercedes Suarez Lesmes  Directora  Empresa Miembro de la Fundación Privada Empresa y Clima  
Sra. Anna de las Heras Carles  
Fundación Red Colombiana Para la Defensa de los Derechos Humanos, el Medio Ambiente y la Paz 
Mr. Jean Carlos Jimenez Fuentes  Director Ejecutivo  Secretaria de Derechos Humanos  
Sr. Bipul Mayank  Secretaria de Juventud  
Sra. Martha Ligia Castellanos Martinez  Asesoría Técnica  Secretaria Internacional  Fundación Red Colombiana Para la Defensa de los Derechos Humanos, el Medio Ambiente y la Paz  
Ms. Sara Sara García Garrido  Secretaria de Asuntos Marinos  
Ms. Stefany Arteaga Marquez  Secretaria de Proyectos  
Mr. Gustavo Adolfo Bermudez Rios  Secretaria de Juventud  
Ms. Huiyuan Chen  
Ms. Yuhan Chen  
Ms. Zhiheng Chi  
Ms. Boyuan Gao  
Ms. Simona Livia Greenow  
Ms. Janna Maria Kluiber  Secretaria de Genero  
Ms. Yihan Mao  
Ms. Ruoran Xie  
Ms. Xiaoyi Yao  
Ms. Jieyin Zhang  
Ms. Songjia Zhang  
Ms. Shuang Zheng  
Fundacion Tecnalia Research & Innovation  
Mr. Oscar Santa Coloma Mozo  Market Director of Environment  Energy and Environment Division  
Mr. Aritz Alonso  Market Manager  Energy and Environment Division  
Mr. Efren Nicodemo Feliu Torres  Climate Change Manager  Urban and Territorial Sustainability Area  
Fundación TierraVida 
Mr. Santiago Enrique Aldana Rivera  
Ms. Ada Andreoni  
Ms. Shalini Arias Hurtado  
Ms. Laura Cristina Hay Mack  
Sra. Stephanie Langerock  
Ms. Madalena Lima  
Mr. Simon Menendez Sadornil  
Ms. María Eugenia Rinaudo Mannucci  
Ms. Mariana Rojas Laserna  
Ms. Valeria Valverde  
Ms. Astghik Zakharyan  
Future Earth International 
Mr. Alistair Scrutton  Director of Communications  Future Earth Secretariat  
Mr. Richard Bellerby  Director and Professor  Norwegian Institute for Water Research  
Ms. Fanny Boudet  
Ms. Wendy Broadgate  Global Hub Director, Sweden  Future Earth  
Mr. Kensuke Fukushi  Professor  Secretariat Implementation Team   
Future Earth International (continued) 
Mr. Marcin Pawel Jarzebski  Science Officer  
Mr. Erik Pihl  Science Officer  Future Earth  
Gana Unnayan Kendra 
Mr. Abu Sadat Md Marjan Nur  Advisor  Climate Change  
Mr. Abu Sayem Md Jannatun Nur  Director  
Ms. Khanum Roufa  Coordinator  Research  Centre for Climate Change and Environmental Research  
Ms. Nishat Naila Syeda  The Climate Reality Project  
GenderCC - Women for Climate Justice e.V. 
Ms. Gotelind Alber  Board Member  
Ms. Isadora Cardoso Vasconcelos  
Ms. Sarah Louis Montgomery  
Ms. Patricia Glazebrook  Board Member  
Ms. Olfa Jelassi  Steering Committee  
Ms. Ewa Larsson  
Ms. Birte Rodenberg  
Ms. Ndivile Colia Mokoena  Advocacy Officer  GenderCC Southern Africa  
Ms. Franziska Marie Stambke  
Ms. Uta Ingeborg Schuchmann  
Ms. Eva Hallström  Grönna Kvinnor  
Ms. Yuan Jia  
Ms. Sara López García  
Ms. Bertha Chiroro  
Ms. Nessim Achouche  
Ms. Ane Auxiliadora Costa Alencar  Diretora  Amazon Environmental Research Institute  
Ms. Fredica Baguma Baryatuha  Action for Rural Women Empowerment  
Ms. Marisa Teixeira Bastos  
Ms. Fernanda Bortolotto  
Ms. Anja Brüschweiler  
Ms. Laura Geiger  
Ms. Bronwen Golder  
Ms. Cristiane Gomes Julião  
Ms. Jozileia Daniza Jagso Inácio Schild  
Ms. Phillipine Lekalakala  Earthlife Africa Johannesburg  
Ms. Maria Jocicleide Lima de Aguiar  
Ms. Dana Loew  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit  
Mr. Alberto López Rosado  
Mr. Patrick Jonas Lovett Robichaud  
Mr. Benoit Mayer  
Ms. Norah Nassanga  
Ms. Jaciele Nyg Kuita Fideles  
Ms. Svenja Peters  
Ms. Malalatiana Katia Rakotobe Ep Rajaonarivo-Ratsimandresy  
Ms. Marielle Ramires  
Mr. Maximilian Reimers  Fridays For Future Germany  
Ms. Gabriela Canto Pires Santos Savian  
Mr. Emmanuel Kiwala Sebalu  
Ms. Teresa Maria Vincente Gimenez  
Ms. Genilda Maria Rodrigues  
Ms. Mariana Alejandra Solorzano Cruz  
Ms. Nashiieli Valencia Nunes  
Georgetown University 
Ms. Joanna Lewis  Director and Associate Professor  Science, Technology and International Affairs Program, Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service  
Mr. Matthew Michael Perry Goetz  Institute Associate  Georgetown Climate Center  
Mr. Eric John Treiman Britton  Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service  
Ms. Charlotte Carstens  Center for German and European Studies, Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service  
Ms. Jennifer Lucia Grosman  Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service  
Ms. Thanh Tra Hoang  Asian Studies Program, Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service  
Ms. Hangyul Song  Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service  
Ms. Carola Kloeck  Assistant Professor  Centre for International Studies (CERI)  Sciences Po Paris  
Mr. Mark Mitsui  President  Portland Community College  
Ms. Ruby Woodside  Researcher  Economics  Colorado College  
Mr. Andrea Burgio  Doctoral Candidate  Management and Engineering  ESIEE Paris   
German Climate Association 
Ms. Charlotte Unger  
Mr. Matthias Alain Honegger  
Ms. Kathleen Anne Mar  Institute for Advanced Sustainability Studies  
Ms. Dorota Stasiak  
German Climate Foundation 
Ms. Angelica Katharina Casparina Brackel  Youth Ambassador  German Climate Foundation  
Ms. Nancy Finger  
German Development Institute 
Mr. Man-San Chan  Senior Researcher  Klimalog Project  
Ms. Mariya Ivanova Aleksandrova  Senior Researcher  Klimalog Project  
Ms. Gabriela-Ileana Tudorica-Iacobuta  Researcher  Klimalog Project  
German Emissions Trading Association 
Mr. Ambrose Nasaasira  
German Farmers’ Organization e.V. 
Mr. Gerolf Bücheler  
Mr. Rauli-Jan Albert  
Mr. Pekka Pesonen  
Germanwatch 
Mr. David Jannis Ryfisch  
Ms. Violeta Sofia Helling  
Mr. Linus Herzig  
Ms. Katharina Anita Hierl  Assistant to the Policy Director  
Ms. Vera Teresa Künzel  
Mr. Psamson Nzeka Nzioki  Deputy Programme Officer  Climate Governance Integrity Programme  Transparency International  
Ms. Laura Schäfer  Research Associate  United Nations University - Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Mr. Manfred Treber  Senior Advisor - Climate and Transport  
Mr. Maik Winges  
Gherush92 Committee for Human Rights 
Mr. Riccardo Pavesi  
Global Alert for Defence of Youth and the Less Privileged 
Ms. Gabrielle Martin  
Mr. Chinemerem Oparocha  
Global Alliance for Incinerator Alternatives Philippines, Inc. 
Ms. Alba Cabrera Berned  Rezero  
Sr. Julio Barea  Greenpeace España  
Global Canopy Programme 
Mr. Andre Antonio Vasconcelos  Supply Chain Analyst  
Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute Ltd 
Mr. Bradley Wayne Page  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Donna Lynette Lee  Shell  
Ms. Annya Dominique Gisela Schneider  Communications Advisor  
Mr. John Scowcroft  Executive Advisor, EMEA  EMEA  
Ms. Eve Tamme  
Ms. Guloren Turan  General Manager  Advocacy and Communications  
Mr. Baruc Vendito Batista  WATERisLIFE  
Global Ecovillage Network 
Ms. Anja Kosha Joubert  Executive Director  
Ms. Jennifer Trujillo Obando  GEN Ambassador  Council of Sustainable Settlements of Latin America -CASA Latina  
Ms. Taisa Mattos  Education Coordinator  
Mr. Andrew Maurice Lester Olivier   GEN Board Member  Global Ecovillage Network Oceania & Asia  
Ms. Thalea Tane  General Assembly and Vision Council  Gen Oceano  
Global Energy Internet Development Cooperation Organization 
Mr. Zhenya Liu  Chairman  
Mr. Han Huang  
Mr. Ming Xu  
Ms. Yanqiu Bi  
Mr. Rui Guan  
Mr. Fulong Song  
Global Environment Centre 
Mr. Faizal Parish  Director  
Mr. David McCauley  WWF Sr. Vice President and Global Lead  Public Sector Partnerships  WWF - USA  
Mr. Mark Reed  Newcastle University  
Global Environment Centre Foundation 
Ms. Nao Nakajima  Assistant Manager  Osaka Headquater  
Mr. Satoru Tango  Senior Manager  Tokyo Office  
Ms. Reiko Toyoda  Planning Manager  Komaihaltec Inc.  
Mr. Vishwas Sangappa  Assistant Manager  Business Strategy Section  Hitachi Zosen Corporation  
Global Environmental Institute 
Ms. Qingchan Yu  Energy and Climate Change Program Manager  
Mr. Kyaw Zaya Htun  Deputy Director  Remote Sensing & GIS Research Center  Yangon Technological University  
Mr. Baihe Gu  
Ms. Lin Ji  Executive Secretary for Program Development  
Ms. Cuiping Liao  Deputy Director  Energy Strategy Research Center  
Mr. Peng Ren  Program Manager  Overseas Investment, Trade and Environment  
Ms. Haiying Su  
Global Feedback Ltd  
Ms. Karen Luyckx  Head of Research  
Global Footprint Network 
Mr. Mathis Wackernagel  President  
Global Forest Coalition 
Ms. Ruth Nyambura Kilonzo  Communications Officer  
Ms. Marta Claribel Benavides Marroquin  Advisor  
Ms. Maria Victoria Bojaca Penagos  Advisor  
Mr. Ian William Lumley  
Mr. Dil Raj Khanal  Policy Advisor and Board Member  
Ms. Jeanette Sequeira  Womens Program Coordinator  
Mr. Go Takahashi  Advisor  
Ms. Mengjiao Wang  Livestock Campaigner  
Global Greens (Verts Mondiaux) 
Mr. Adamou Garba  
Mr. Fabiano Lima Da Silva Carnevale  
Mr. Florent Marcellesi  
Ms. Carla Piranda Rebello  
Global Industrial and Social Progress Research Institute 
Mr. Nobuya Maekawa  Director  Global Environmental Affairs Department  
Mr. Mitsuo Arai  
Mr. Susumu Kuramoto  Executive Director  
Global Justice Ecology Project, Inc. 
Ms. Cassandra Smithies  
Global Kids, Inc. 
Ms. Saheedah Majolagbe  Student Leader  
Mr. Abdullah Mazumder  
Ms. Yohany Meneses  Youth Leader  
Ms. Emily Amachee  Youth Leader  
Ms. Emily Tewes  Peace Boat Disaster Relief Volunteer Center  
Global Legislators Organisation for a Balanced Environment 
Mr. Rafael Jiménez-Aybar  
Mr. Sam Hall  
Mr. Enrique Carlos Uribe Schiaffino  
Global Marshall Plan Foundation 
Ms. Passy Amayo Ogolla  Programme Officer  Sustainable Energy Futures  Society for International Development  
Mr. Anurag Saha Roy  Lead Electronics Engineer  Atomionics  
Mr. Ismaila Ouedraogo  
Mr. Narcisse Feukam Todem  
Ms. Anna Sophia Sygulla  Plant for the Planet Foundation  
Mr. Bernd Josef  
Ms. Hilda Flavia Nakabuye  Fridays for Future Uganda   
Global Marshall Plan Foundation (continued) 
Mr. Stefan Schneidt  Fridays for Future  
Mr. Vihren Mitev  
Ms. Eva Julie Marsland  
Mr. Pablo Sanz Ramos  
Mr. Simon Engelke  
Ms. Teresa Oberhauser  
Global Peace Initiative of Women 
Ms. Marianne Marstrand Burkhar  Executive Director  
Ms. Dena Finn Merriam  Founder and Convener  Head Office  
Mr. John Charles Ashmore  
Mr. Anil Kumar Bakshi  Representative for India  
Mme Marion-Catherine Favre dit Grall  France Representative  
Mr. Hiroshi Matsumoto  
Global Sustainable Electricity Partnership 
Mr. Juan José Alba Ríos  Head of Regulatory Affairs  ENDESA  
Mr. Marco Alberti  Head of International Institutional Affairs  CEO Office  Enel Group  
Mr. Fernando Alcudia Falquet  Executive Assistant to Enel Group CEO  CEO Office  Enel Group  
Mr. Manuel Alonso Fernandez  Low Carbon and Energy Policies Analyst  Enel Group  
Mr. Luca Meini  Head of Circular Economy and 
Environmental Strategies  Enel Group  
Mr. Simone Tripepi  Country Manager Chile  Enel Group  
Global Voices 
Ms. Alice Rose Thwaites  Environment and Health Program Manager  
Ms. Sacha Breidahl  Communications Manager  
Ms. Elyssia Gasparotto  
Ms. Kristen McNamara  
Ms. Anna Rea  
Mr. Ben Munro  
Ms. Zoe-Zowie Douglas-Kinghorn  
Global Wind Energy Council 
Mr. Benjamin Backwell  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Magdalena Garcia Mora  Acciona Energía  
Mr. Ramón Fiestas Hummler  
Mr. Morten Hoy Dyrholm  Vice President, Global Public Affairs  Communications, Brand and Public Affairs  Vestas Wind Systems A/S  
Global Youth Development Institute, Inc.  
Mr. Timothy Damon  President  
Governors’ Climate and Forests Fund 
Mr. Luke Pritchard  Programme Officer  GCF TF  
Ms. Delilah Cupp  
Ms. Nadia Maria Martin Sanchez  
Grassroots Global Justice Alliance 
Mr. Kali Williams  Co-Director  Cooperation Jackson  
Ms. Jade Daniels  Communications Coordinator  
Ms. Ayse Gursoz  
Ms. Nancy Huizar  
Ms. Shawna Larson  
Ms. Nyisha Mallett  
Mr. Jesus Vazquez Negron  
Green Asia Network 
Mr. Ki Chul Oh  Green Asia Network  
Mr. Kiho Shin  Country Director, Mongolia Branch  
Ms. Junghee Min  Coordinator  Inter-Religious Climate and Ecology Network  
Mr. Joan Hernández Serret  Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University  
Green Club 
Ms. Pin-Han Huang  
Ms. Chia-Yen Lin  
Mr. Kung-Yueh Chao  
Ms. Han-Wei Chang  
Ms. Yi-Chen Yu  
Mr. Edward Sihua Yang  
Ms. Yu-Han Cheng  
Ms. Jing-Yi Zhong  
Mr. Chun-Wen Yang  
Ms. Hsiao-Yun Liang  
Mr. Jung-Ting Chang  
Mr. Yuan-Li Lin  
Ms. Yi-Ching Lee  
Mr. Wang-Ping Ko   
Green Course 
Ms. Miriam Adina Frank  
Ms. Anna Bar Or  
Ms. Ophir Elkana  
Mr. Mor Gilboa  
Ms. Tal Nadav  
Green Economics Institute 
Ms. Miriam Kennet  Chief Executive Officer, Director and Founder  
Ms. Peggy Alexander  Media  Director  
Ms. Komal Karishma Kumar  Researcher  Climate Science  Government of the Republic of Fiji  
Ms. Margarita Teresa Nieves Zarate  PHD Researcher Law  Law  
Mr. Lukas Korpelainen  Researcher  Education  
Ms. Lijana Mitrijevaite  Researcher  
Mr. Aaron Sterniczky  Researcher  Economics Department  The Green Economics Institute  
Ms. Susanne Sterniczky  Green Economics Institute  Education  
Mr. Francisco Arturo Ruiz Mardones  Engineer  Scientific advisor  Global Environmental Institute  
Ms. Alice Bah Kuhnke  European Parliament  
Mr. Pär Holmgren  European Parliament  
Mr. Hans Kare Flo  Director of Training, Innovation and Investment  Technical Innovation  
Mr. William Duncanson  Professor  Green Economics Institute  
Green European Foundation 
Ms. Menekse Kizildere  
Ms. Ewa Sufin-Jacquemart  
Mr. Dirk Van den Bosch  
Ms. Paula Silva  
Green Institute Limited 
Mr. Mohammed Fares  
Mr. Luis José Arteaga Benatuil  
Ms. Bodil Valero  
Green Korea United 
Mr. In Chul Hwang  
Mr. Jong Hwa Kim  
Ms. Maria Jesus Aguilar Montero  
Ms. Misook Park  
Green Planet 
Mr. Ahmed D. Pathan  President  NGO  
Mr. Vikrambhai Baldevbhai Patel  Event Coordinator  
Mr. Rambhai Khodidas Patel  Vice President  NGO  
Mr. Punjabhai Tribhovandas Patel  Advisory Committee  NGO  
Mr. Prahladji Chelaji Thakor  Fifth Officer  NGO  
Green Zhejiang 
Ms. Yong Wang  
Greener Impact International 
Mr. Olumide Emmanuel Idowu  
Mr. Ruixin LI  Project Advisor, Youth Delegation  Guangzhou County Yuexiu District Climate and Environmental Protection Center    
Mr. Joshua Amponsem  Greener  Green Africa Youth Organisation  
Ms. Li Xiaochen  Guangzhou County Yuexiu District Climate and Environmental Protection Center    
GreenFacts ASBL 
Ms. Fabienne Gillet  
Ms. Katrien Van der Heyden  
Greenhouse Gas Management Institute 
Mr. Michael Gillenwater  Executive Director, Dean of the Institute and Co-Founder  
Ms. Molly White  
Ms. Danielle Lynn Vaughan-Griff  
Mr. David Michael Bess  Advisor  National GHG Inventories and GHG MRV  
Ms. Kathryn Bickel Goldman  Board Member/Climate Policy Advisory   
Greenpeace International 
Mr. Juan Pablo Osornio  Global Climate Political, Senior Portfolio Manager  Political and Business Unit  
Ms. Katta Alonso Raggio  Mujeres en Zona de Sacrificio en Resistencia  Greenpeace Andino (Chile)  
Ms. Fabiana Alves  Climate and Energy Campaigner  Greenpeace Brazil  
Ms. Lara Aparicio Lorente  Digital Communications  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Idoia Arauzo  Asociacion Eco-Union  
Mr. Marcio Astrini  Campaign Coordinator, Brazil  Greenpeace Brazil  
Mr. Ponifasio Junior Atani  Videographer  Greenpeace - Australia Pacific  
Ms. Cecilia Barrera Gamarra  Fundacion Vida Sostenible  
Mr. William Converse Bates  Co-director global programme  Sustainable Markets Foundation - 350.org  
Mr. Juan Jesus Bellido Lopez  Comite Espanol de la UICN  
Mr. Sebastián Benfeld Garcés  
Mr. Jakob Blasel  
Mr. Erisvan Bone de Sousa  Indigenous Representative  Greenpeace - Brazil  
Ms. Maria Jose Caballero de la Vega  Deputy Programme Director  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Alicia Cantero Cerezo  Political Unit  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Cecilia Carballo de la Riva  Programme Director  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Maria Cristina Castro Martin  Communications Manager  Greenpeace - Spain  
Mr. Pablo Chamorro Ortiz  Mobilisation  Greenpeace - Spain  
Mr. Ander Congil Ross  
Mr. Arin de Hoog  Communications Manager  
Ms. Jose Vicente de Lucio Fernandez  Fundacion Vida Sostenible  
Mr. Hugo Jacques Michel Duchesne  Videographer  Sustainable Markets Foundation - 350.org  
Mr. Luis Miguel Fernandes Ferreirim  Agriculture Campaigner  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Crista Gabriela Flores  Digital Communications  
Mr. Jeremie Fosse  Asociacion Eco-Union  
Mr. Tasio Fosse  Asociacion Eco-Union  
Ms. Noa Fosse Arauzo  Ecounion Europe  
Mr. Conrado Garcia Del Vado  Communications Manager  Greenpeace - Spain  
Mr. Francisco Javier Garcia Fernandez  Fundacion Entre Tantos  
Mr. Jacobo Garcia Morales  Events Manager  Greenpeace - Spain  
Mr. Jose Luis Garcia Ortega  Climate Programme Manager  Greenpeace - Spain  
Mr. Bruno Ezequiel Giambelluca  Communications  Greenpeace Andino (Argentina)  
Ms. Lisa Goeldner  Climate & Energy Campaigner  Greenpeace Germany  
Ms. Jose Maria Gonzalez Bengoechea  Fundacion Vida Sostenible  
Ms. Estefania González del Fierro  Greenpeace Andino (Chile)  
Ms. Maria Nadia Gonzalez Hueso  Digital Head Unit  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Naomi Ursula Goodman  Project Manager  Political and Business  
Ms. Siqi Guan  Communications Officer  Greenpeace East Asia, Beijing  
Ms. Maria Dolores Hermida Quesada  Fundacion Vida Sostenible  
Mr. Pedro Maria Herrera Calvo  Fundacion Entre Tantos  
Mr. Daniel Iglesias Márquez  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Daisy Jeffrey  
Ms. Maria Jose Catalina Jiménez Herrera  Events, Artists & Influencers  Greenpeace - Spain  
Mr. Martin Kaiser  Executive Director, Campaigns  Greenpeace Germany  
Mr. Koti Happy Khambule  Political Adviser  Greenpeace - Africa  
Mr. Shuo Li  Climate and Energy Campaigner  Greenpeace East Asia (Beijing)  
Ms. Carlota Lopez Fernandez  Fundacion Vida Sostenible  
Mr. Juan Antonio Lopez Jaime  Comite Espanol de la UICN  
Ms. Cristina Lux Acuna  Legal advisor and campaign activist  Defensoría Ambiental  Greenpeace Andino (Chile)  
Ms. Pilar Marcos Rodriguez  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Ana Martinez Martinez  Communications  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Rashmi Mistry  Head of Grow Campaign  OXFAM International   
Greenpeace International (continued) 
Ms. Maria Raquel Montón Valladares  Área de energía y cambio climático  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Diana Moreno  Executive Assistant to the International Executive Directors  
Ms. Jennifer Lee Morgan  International Executive Director  
Ms. Vanessa Nakate  
Ms. Tatiana Nuno  Climate & Energy Campaigner  Greenpeace - Spain  
Ms. Saoirse O’Connor  
Ms. Taehyun Park  Political Advisor  
Mr. Adam Pawloff  Climate & Energy Campaigner  
Ms. Juliet Perry  Communications Coordinator  
Mr. Paulo Pires Addario  Forests & Climate Strategy  
Mr. Erick marques Polidoro Apolinário  Indigenous representative  Greenpeace - Brazil  
Ms. Olga Rada Sereno  Fundacion Entre Tantos  
Mr. Mario Rodriguez Vargas  Executive Director  Greenpeace - Spain  
Mr. Naderev Sano  Executive Director, Greenpeace Southeast Asia  Greenpeace - Phillipines  
Mr. Davis Reuben Sekamwa  
Ms. Alexandra Shugay  
Ms. Maryann Songomano  Pacific Representative  Greenpeace - Australia Pacific  
Mr. Jacopo Spezia Depretto  Climate Political Intern, Delegation Support  
Mr. Jannes Stoppel  Forest Campaigner  Greenpeace Germany  
Ms. Reyes Tirado  Science Advisor  Greenpeace International (Science Unit)  
Ms. Tamara Fernanda Toledo Muñoz  
Mr. Fernando Javier Valladares Ros  Expert speaker  
Ms. Laura Velasco Puig  Fundacion Vida Sostenible  
Mr. Jose Maria Vera Villacian  Interim Executive Director  OXFAM International  
Ms. Monica Vidal  Fundación Ecología y Desarrollo  
Ms. Jessica Wilson  Communications  
Ms. Ying Yuan  Climate & Energy Program Manager  Greenpeace East Asia, Beijing  
Mr. Martin Zavan  Media Campaigner  Greenpeace - Australia Pacific  
Greenriver Environmental Protection Promotion Association of Sichuan 
Mr. Fuqiang Yang  
Ms. Jingwei Hu  
Mr. Li-Chi Huang  Strategy Director, Management  Beijing Synergy Blockchain Technology  
Mr. Chao Li  Youth Delegation  China Youth Climate Action Network  
Ms. Haiyan Liu  Deputy General Manager  Zhong Che (Beijing) Environment Energy Technology Development Co.,Ltd  
Ms. Yun Tao  General Manager  Zhong Che (Beijing) Environment Energy Technology Development Co.,Ltd  
Ms. Minna Wang  
Ms. Jiaxuan Zhang  Tsinghua University  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Mr. Haoran Zhang  
Mr. Yong Zhu  
Griffith University 
Ms. Johanna Nalau  Research Fellow  Griffith Institute for Tourism and Griffith Climate Response Program  
Mr. Timothy Cadman  Research Fellow  Institute for Ethics, Governance and Law, Griffith Law School  
Mr. Robert Hales  Griffith Centre for Sustainable Enterprise  
Mr. William Moomaw  Emeritus Professor  Center for International Environment and Resource Policy  Trustees of Tufts College  
Mr. Samid Suliman  Lecturer, Migration and Security  School of Humanities, Languages and Social Science  
Ms. Virginia Young  
Griha Council 
Mr. Rajani Ranjan Rashmi  Distinguished Fellow  Earth Science and Climate Change  The Energy and Resources Institute  
Ms. Ritu Ahuja  
Ms. Juhi Bansal  
Ms. Kavya Michael  
Ms. Dhriti Pathak  
Ms. Swati Pillai  
Ms. Aanchal Pruthi  
Ms. Vani Rijhwani  Research Associate   
Griha Council (continued) 
Ms. N R Mekhala Sastry  
Mr. Sumit Sharma  Senior Fellow & Director  Earth Science and Climate Change  The Energy and Resources Institute  
Groupe d’Études et de Recherches sur les Énergies Renouvelables et l’Environnement 
Mr. Ahmed-Faouzi Senhaji  President  
Mr. Torleif Haugland  Active Member  Mitigation (LEDS, NAMAs & INDCs)  
Mr. Marc-Alexander Bergauer  Member of GERERE  Carbon Markets  Carbon Limits  
Mr. Yahya Bouabdallaoui  Committee Member  CC & Agriculture  Groupe d’Etudes et de Recherche sur les ERE  
Guangzhou County Yuexiu District Climate and Environmental Protection Center   
Ms. Xiaowen Zheng  Executive Director  China Youth Climate Action Network  
Ms. Shiyu Chen  CSR Manager  Marketing & Branding Department  Beijing Kwai Technology Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Thirugnanam Susila Gopi Rethinaraj  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Ms. Rejane Silvarocha  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Habitat International Coalition  
Sr. Alvaro Puertas Robina  General Secretary  HIC General Secretariat  
Sra. Clàudia Custòdio  HIC Member  
Sr. Alejandro del Castillo Sánchez  HIC Ally  
Sra. Beatriz Sendín Jiménez  HIC Ally  
Harvard University 
Mr. Robert Stavins  Director  Harvard Project on Climate Agreements  
Mr. Robert Stowe  Co-Director  Harvard Project on Climate Agreements  
Mr. Jason Chapman  Project Manager  Harvard Project on Climate Agreements  
Mr. Douglas Gavel  Director of Media Relations  Harvard Project on Climate Agreements  
Ms. Renee Salas  Affiliated Faculty  Harvard Global Health Institute  
Ms. Kelly Phouyaphone  Program Manager  Harvard Global Health Institute  
Mr. Joseph Aldy  Professor of the Practice of Public Policy  Harvard Kennedy School  
Hashoo Foundation 
Mr. Arslan Ahmed  
HATOF Foundation 
Mr. Samuel Confidence Dotse  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Sylvia Baah  Programme Assistant  
Ms. Mary Jane Enchill  Deputy C.E.O  Climate Change  
Mr. Hanqing Zhang  
Ms. He Zhang  Environment  
HCS Ltd.   
Ms. Judy Rodrigues  Executive Director  
Ms. Aida Greenbury  HCSA Advisor  
Mr. Grant Bryan Rosoman  
Health and Environment Alliance 
Mr. João Almeida  
Ms. Geraldine Brun  Medecins du Monde  
Mr. Javier Ramírez  Global Voice Steering Group and Advocacy Community Coordinator  International Network  Medecins du Monde  
Health Care Without Harm 
Ms. Cecilia Sorensen  Faculty Clinical Instructor  Emergency Medicine  University of Colorado School of Medicine  
Health of Mother Earth Foundation 
Mr. Nnimmo Bassey  Director  
Mr. Babawale Oluwaseun Obayanju   
HEDA Resource Centre 
Mr. Sulaimon Olawale Arigbabu  Executive Secretary  Environment and Sustainable Development Program  
Mr. Olusola Mufutau Adekoya  Managing Director  Shodex Gardens  
Ms. Ebere Raphaeline Iwuagwu  Director of Programs  Environmental Law Research Institute  
Mr. Olatunji Yussusf Kelani  Advocacy Officer  Research and Advocacy  Environmental Law Research Institute LTD/GTE  
Ms. Doosugh Dorathy Agbadu  Research Officer  Research and Development  Environmental Law Research Institute LTD/GTE  
Heinrich Böll Foundation 
Ms. Liane Iris Schalatek  Office North America  
Ms. Oksana Aliieva  Programme Coordinator Climate Change  Kiev Office  
Mr. Ali Marwan Attari  
Ms. Marta Claribel Benavides Marroquin  
Ms. Claudia Campero Arena  Alianza Mexicana contra el Fracking  
Ms. Camila Cunha Moreno  
Ms. Nataliia Kuts  
Mr. Samuel Alejandro Leiva Guzmán  
Mr. Phillip Mies  
Mr. Pablo Ricardo Montaño Beckmann  Acción Climática MX  
Mr. Kai Mußweiler  
Ms. Elena Nikulina  Moscow office  
Ms. Mariana Pontes Campos  Grupo Carta de Belém  
Ms. Galina Raguzina  Ecodefense  
Ms. Amiera Sawas  ActionAid  
Mr. Vladimir Slivyak  Ecodefense  
Ms. Javiera Valencia  
Ms. Najla Linnéa Vallander  
Helmholtz-Centre Geesthacht Centre for Materials and Coastal Research GmbH 
Ms. Tania Yaoska Guillén Bolaños  Researcher  
Ms. Maria Manez  Scientist  
Ms. Eulalia Gómez Martín  Researcher  
Ms. Sandra Leticia Guzman Luna  Climate Change Expert  
Ms. Natalia Lever  Branch Manager, Latin America  The Climate Reality Project  
Mr. David Samuel Williams  Researcher  
Helvetas Swiss Intercooperation 
Ms. Nicole Clot  Advisor in Adaptation to Climate Change  Environment & Climate Change  
Mr. Francisco Edgardo Medina Castro  Director Programa Bosques Andinos  Helvetas Swiss Intercooperation Peru  
Hong Kong People’s Council for Sustainable Development Limited 
Ms. Chung Wai Cheung  
Ms. Sum Yue Chung  
Mr. Kieran Michael Edwards  
Mr. Rodolfo Lissia  
Huairou Commission Women Homes and Community 
Ms. Maria Theresa Rodriguez Blandon  Fundacion Guatemala  
Human Impacts Institute, Inc. 
Ms. Tara DePorte  Founder and Executive Director  
Ms. Mikelle Benfield  Program Manager  
Ms. Amy Braunschweiger  Advisor  
Ms. Haley DePorte  Volunteer  
Human Rights and Environment Improvement Center   
Mr. Suyog Neupane  Program coordinator  NGO  
Ms. Sila Shahi  Member  NGO  
Human Rights Foundation of Aotearoa New Zealand 
Mr. Anote Tong  
Ms. Haylee Koroi  
Ms. Maria Luisa Martinez Viñuales  
Mr. Diwigdi Valiente Abrego  Director, Burwigan   
Human Rights Watch, Inc. 
Mr. Daniel Wilkinson  Acting Director  Environment Program  
Humane Society International 
Ms. Joanna Swabe  Senior Director Public Affairs  HSI Europe  
Humboldt-Viadrina Governance Platform gGmbH 
Mr. Gerhard Albert Leipold  Program Director  Climate Transparency  
Ms. Hannah Schindler  Project Coordinator  Climate Transparency  
Mr. Sebastian Wegner  Senior Policy Coordinator  Anti-Corruption and Good Governance  
Mr. Pascal Yves Charriau  Chief Executive Officer  ENERDATA  
Ms. Sara Riera Galceran  
I4CE - Institute for Climate Economics 
Mr. Ian Cochran  Project Manager - Investment, Climate and Decision Making  Research  
Ms. Alice Pauthier  Chargée de Recherche  I4CE  
Mr. Michel Cardona  Senior Advisor  
Mr. Cédric Ringenbach  Fondateur  La Fresque du Climat  
ICLEI-Local Governments for Sustainability 
Mr. Yunus Arikan  Director of Global Advocacy  World Secretariat  
Mr. Sungjun An  Manager  Climate Change Action, GHG Reduction Division  Korea Environment Corporation  
Mr. Victor Manuel Baez Ceja  Mayor, Patzcuaro  
Mr. Renan Alberta Barrera Concha  Mayor, City of Merida  
Ms. Samanta Della Bella  Climate Change Specialist  State of Pernambuco  
Mr. Edgardo Bolio Acero  Mayor, City of Merida  
Ms. Kobie Brand  Regional Director  
Ms. Pamela Lucía Bravo Ortiz  Deputy Secretary of Environmental Planning and Information  City of Lima  
Mr. Jean-Baptiste Buffet  Policy Officer  United Cities and Local Governments  
Ms. Tara Caetano  Officer, Africa Secretariat  
Ms. Bruna Cerqueira  Deputy Regional Director  South America Secretariat  
Mr. Yuting Chang  Officer, East Asia Secretariat  
Ms. María Giovanna Cheglio Flores  Representative of FEMULP  Federation of Free Municipalities in Peru  
Ms. Tsu-Jui Cheng  Program Manager and Global Coordinator  Sustainable Urban Mobility / EcoMobility  
Mr. Jiunn-Ming Chiou  Deputy Secretary General  Taoyuan City Government  
Mr. Simon Clement  Co-ordinator, Sustainable Economy and Procurement  European Secretariat  
Ms. Catalina Coghi Ulloa  Mayor, City of Oreamuno  
Ms. Jose Maria Gonzalez Collado  Observatorio La Rábida  
Ms. Ariel Dekovic  Head of Communications  World Secretariat  
Mr. Leon Diaz-Bone  Executive Assistant  World Secretariat  
Ms. Sabine Drees  Senior Advisor International Affairs  International Affairs  
Ms. Angelina Escalante Acereto  Advisor, City of Merida  
Mr. Hugh Fraser  Councillor  Mornington Peninsula Shire  
Mr. Rafael Garcia Maties  Fundacion MUSOL  
Mr. Ole Jørgen Grann  Special Adviser  Transport, Planning and Environment  
Mr. Steven Heddle  Councillor  Convention of Scotttish Local Authorities  
Ms. Marie Josefine Hintz  Officer, Sustainable Economy and Procurement  European Secretariat  
Ms. Fernanda Kalena Levy  Communications and Advocacy  South America Secretariat  
Mr. Kuo-Ting Ku  Engineer  Environmental Protection Bureau  Taoyuan City Government  
Mr. Yuan-pei Lee  Administration Executive  East Asia Secretariat   
ICLEI-Local Governments for Sustainability (continued) 
Ms. Chih-Yung Lin  Technical Specialist  Environmental Protection Bureau  Taoyuan City Government  
Ms. Ge Liu  Program Officer  East Asia Secretariat  
Mr. David Enrique Loria Magdub  Advisor, City of Merida  
Ms. Dolly Mafa  Director Sustainability Mechanisms  Office of the Executive Mayor  City of Tshwane Municipality  
Ms. Daniela Mastrangelo  Director, Innovation and Environmental Quality  Municipality of Rosario  
Mr. Pablo Maturana Guzmán  Deputy Director of Cooperation and Partnerships  Metropolitan Area of the Aburra Valley  
Ms. Luz Jeannette Mejia Chavarriaga  Risk Management Leader  Environmental Department  Metropolitan Region of Aburra Valley (AMVA)  
Ms. Eszter Mogyorósy  Manager, Climate Finance  World Secretariat  
Mr. Ignacio Dean Mouliaa  Observatorio La Rábida  
Ms. Ines Icaza Navarro  Observatorio La Rábida  
Mr. Jose Neves  Environment Secretary  City of Recife  
Ms. Cathy Oke  First Vice President  ICLEI – Local Governments for Sustainability  
Ms. Firdaous Oussidhoum  Policy Officer  United Cities and Local Governments  
Mr. Bongsoon Park  Director, Dongbu Regional Head Office  Jeonnam-do Province  
Mr. Kyounggil Park  Regional Administrator  East Asia Secretariat  
Ms. Marta Ramon Pascal  Advisor  
Mr. Rodrigo Perpetuo  Regional Director, South America Secretariat  International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives - Southeast Asia  
Ms. Giorgia Rambelli  Officer  
Mr. Juan Fernando Ramos  Observatorio la Rábida Delegation for COP 25 - ICLEI  
Ms. Simone Raskob  Deputy Mayor, Stadt Essen  
Ms. Emilia Saiz  Secretary General  United Cities and Local Governments  
Ms. Giulia Salvaterra  Officer, World Secretariat  ICLEI-Local Governments for Sustainability  
Ms. Fatima Santiago  Communication Manager  United Cities and Local Governments  
Mr. Dionisio Fernando Scarpin  Mayor, Municipality of Avellaneda  
Mr. Sebastian Schlecht  Project Manager European Green Capital  City of Essen  
Ms. Agnes Schönfelder  Officer, City of Mannheim  
Mr. Alfredo Sirkis  Centro Brasil no Clima (Center Brazil in Climate)  
Ms. Alice del Socorro Triay Mena  Advisor, City of Merida  
Mr. Wan-tien Tsai  Director, Kaohsiung Capacity Center  
Mr. Togo Uchida  Director  International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives, Asia Pacific Secretariat - Japan Office  
Mr. Verny Valerio Hernandez  
Ms. Maryke Van Staden  Director, Bonn Center for Local Climate Action and Reporting - Carbon  
Ms. Victoria Guadalupe Vital Estrada  Officer, World Secretariat  
Mr. Zhigao Wang  Program Director  Low Carbon Cities  Energy Foundation  
Mr. Daniel Wannenburg  Member of Mayoral Committee  Environmental management and Agriculture  City of Tshwane Municipality  
Mr. Mark Wessel  Advisor  
Ms. Yun Yang  Programme Officer  East Asia Secretariat  
Ms. Ang Ye  Team Leader Energy-Efficient Buildings in China  German Energy Agency  
Ms. Lisa Enarsson  Environmental Investigator  
Imperial College London 
Ms. Charlotte Louise Morgan  Digital Communications Manager  Grantham Institute  University College London  
Ms. Courtnae Raedawn Maria Bailey  Centre for Environmental Policy  
Ms. Habiba Daggash  
Ms. Elizabeth Catherine Ellison  
Ms. Alyssa Gilbert  
Ms. Shirin Hakim  
Mr. Ioannis Karmpadakis  
Mr. Robin Davies Lamboll   
Imperial College London (continued) 
Mr. Alireza Mashayekhi  Lecturer  Civil Engineering  
Mr. Joeri Rogelj  Lecturer  Grantham Institute  
Ms. Minerva Singh  Centre for Environmental Policy  
Mr. Paolo Vineis  Chair in Environmental Epidemiology  School of Public Health  
Ms. Amy Wilson  
Mr. Mark Henry Wait Workman  
Independent University, Bangladesh 
Mr. Saleemul Huq  Director  International Centre for Climate Change and Development  
Mr. Istiakh Ahmed  Coordinator- Livelihood Programme  International Centre for Climate Change and Development  
Ms. Mahmuda Akter  Junior Researcher  International Centre for Climate Change and Development  
Mr. MD Ashadudzaman  Visiting Researcher  International Center for Climate Change and Development  
Ms. Erin Maureen Begnoche Biehl  Visiting Researcher  International Center for Climate Change and Development  
Ms. Matilda J.T. Fitzmaurice  Visiting Researcher  International Centre for Climate Change and Development  
Mr. Saqib Huq  Research Officer  
Ms. Khadim Jennifer Nahar Khan  International Center for Climate Change and Development  
Ms. Shahrin Mannan  Research Officer  ICCCAD  
Ms. Tasfia Tasnim  Research Officer  International Centre for Climate Change and Development  
India Water Foundation 
Mr. Arvind  President  
Indiana University 
Ms. Jessica O’Reilly  
Ms. Hope Reamer  
Mr. Zachary Fischer  
Ms. Alexandra Richardson  
Ms. Magan Leystra  
Ms. Hanna Weil  
Ms. Alyssa Pagan-Hagearty  
Ms. Xinyu Lin  
Mr. Matthew Yang  
Ms. Himaja Nagireddy  
Ms. Natalie Roach  
Indigenous Environmental Network 
Mr. Alberto Saldamando  Counsel Climate Change and human rights  Indigenous Educational Network of Turtle Island  
Ms. Ozawa Albert  
Mr. Bruce Kendall Goldtooth  Executive Director  International/National Policy  
Indigenous Information Network 
Ms. Alice Hawo Lesepen  Secretary, Gender and Climate  Merigo Women Group  
Ms. Selina Sipoti Chemunung  Secretary, Women and Water  Parkiror Women Group  
Ms. Jolene Sepeyo Leparakuo  Field Officer, Knowledge Resource & Cultural Centre  Namunyak Lepolosi women Group  
Ms. Esupat Ngulupa Laiser  Member  Women and Climate Change  Maasai Women Development Organisation  
Ms. Fatima Mustafa Ahmed Samhen  Coordinator  Women and Environment  African Indigenous Women Organization  
Indigo Development and Change 
Mr. Serge Joram Nsengimana  Association pour la Conservation de la Nature au Rwanda  
Ms. Julia Grimm  
Industrial Technology Research Institute 
Mr. Hom-Ti Lee  Deputy General Director  
Mr. Wen-Cheng Hu  Deputy Director  
Mr. Shih-Ming Chung  Researcher  
Mr. Chen-An Lien  Researcher  
Ms. Li-Ling Li  Researcher  
Ms. Lin-Yi Tsai  Consultant  
Mr. Yi-Lin Wu  Consultant  
Ms. Shu-Ring Lin  Consultant  
Mr. Tze-Luen Lin  Consultant  
Mr. Jin-Sheng Su  Consultant  
Mr. Lih-Jiun Shyy  Consultant   
Industrial Technology Research Institute 
Mr. Shiang-Wu Tsai  Consultant  
Mr. Ming-Chih Chuang  Consultant  
Mr. Bin Chang  Consultant  
IndustriALL Global Union 
Mr. Brian Kohler  Director  Health, Safety, and Sustainability  
Mr. Jesus Crespo  Coordinador Sectorial  
Mr. José Emilio Mesa Ortega  Secretario de Salud Laboral y Medio Ambiente  Labour Health and Environment  
Ingénieurs sans Frontières 
M. Sam Allier  
Mme Lorine Azoulai  
Mme Fédora Acoca-Pidolle  
M. Victor Dauchez  
Ms. Amélie Dupendant  Agriculture and Food Sovereignty group  
Initiatives of Change International 
Ms. Irina Fedorenko  
Ms. Helena Lindemark  Founder and President  2022 Initiative Foundation  
Mr. Bremley Lyngdoh  
Innovation Center for Energy and Transportation 
Ms. Wei Han  
Ms. Min Hu  
Ms. Li Yang  
Ms. Veronique Choa Pittman  
Mr. Daniel Dowling  
Innovations Bleues 
Mr. Romain Troublé  President  Plateforme Océan et Climat   
Mr. André Abreu  Director for International Policy  International  
Institut du Développement Durable et des Relations Internationales 
Ms. Alexandra Deprez  Environment Ministry  
M. David Levai  Climate Program Director  
Ms. Brigitte Bejean  Press Officer  
Ms. Marta Torres-Gunfaus  Senior Research Fellow  
Mr. Jean-Pierre Gattuso  
Mr. Yann Robiou du Pont  
Mr. Khalil Elouardighi  Director of Programmes  
Institut Européen de l’Economie de la Fonctionnalité et de la Coopération  
Mr. Philippe Guinaud  Secretary General  
Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique 
Mr. Jean-François Soussana  Scientific Director for Environment  Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique  
Ms. Claire Weill  Senior Advisor on Climate  Scientific Direction on Environment  
Ms. Cristina Arias Navarro  Scientific Officer CIRCASA  DARESE PPI  
Institut Polytechnique de Grenoble 
Mme Isabella Zin  Professor  ENSE3  
Mme Genevieve, Suzanne, Marie Pantin usage Lefebvre  ENSE3  
M. Pierre, Gérard, Jacques Canon  ENSE3  
Mme Pauline, Myriam, Isabelle, Lucette Carrez  ENSE3  
Mme Nausicaa Darricarrère  ENSE3  
M. Stevan, Patrick Hubert  ENSE3  
Mme Raquel, Motzfeldt Tirach  ENSE3  
M. Théo Tommasini  ENSE3  
M. Florent, Georges Vince  ENSE3  
Institut Veolia 
Ms. Armelle Perrin Guinot  Sustainable Development Promotion Manager  Veolia  
Mr. Antonio Alonso Martinez  Veolia  
Institute de Recherche pour le Développement 
Mr. Ludovic Cocogne  Director  Direction of International and European Affairs  
Mr. Jean-Luc Chotte  Member of the Science-Policy Interface  
Ms. Valeria Hernandez  Researcher  
Mr. Benjamin Sultan   
Institute for Advanced Sustainability Studies 
Mr. Mark Gary Lawrence  Scientific Director  
Mr. Thomas Bruhn  
Ms. Nicole de Paula Domingos  
Ms. Laima Susanna Eicke  
Ms. Katja Deborah Bammel Ferreira  
Ms. Carolin Diana Fraude  
Ms. Mara Gomez  
Mr. Héctor Rodriguez Chavez  
Mr. Torsten Thiele  
Institute for Agricultural and Forest Management and Certification 
Ms. Marina Piatto Garcia  Climate Manager  Climate and Agriculture Initiative  
Ms. Isabel Garcia-Drigo  Project Coordinator  Agriculture Supply chain  
Ms. Gisela Moreau  Director  Policy Communication  Instituto Água e Saneamento  
Mr. Carlos Antonio Rocha Vicente  Legislative Advisor  Sustainability Network Party Leadership  Federal Senate  
Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy 
Ms. Ellen Matupi  Coalition of Women Farmers  
Ms. Katherine Vanessa Robinson  Youth Engagement Advisor  ActionAid International  
Institute for Biodiversity Network e.V.  
Mr. Axel Paulsch  Chair  
Mr. Yuan-Hung Chang  
Mr. Su-Chun Lee  
Institute for Climate and Sustainable Cities (iCSC). 
Mr. Renato Redentor Constantino  Executive Director  Institute for Climate and Sustainable Cities  
Mr. Arthur Jones Dionio  Technical Advisor  Institute for Climate and Sustainable Cities  
Mr. Xiaojun Wang  
Institute for Climate Protection, Energy and Mobility - Law, Economics and Policy e.V.  
Mr. Michael Rodi  
Mr. Simon Eduard Schäfer-Stradowsky  
Ms. Aleksandra Novikova-Rodi  Team Lead Energy Efficiency and Climate Finance  
Mr. José Luis Mercado Fernández  
Mr. Roman Weidinger  Research Associate  Energy Law  
Institute for Conservation and Sustainable Development of Amazonas 
Mr. Pedro Gandolfo Soares  Manager  Climate Change and REDD+  
Ms. Natalie Unterstell  
Mr. Marcel Martin Baptista de Faria  Coordinator of Transport Portfolio  
Ms. Kamyla Borges da Cunha  Coordinator of Energy Efficiency Initiative  
Sra. Fernanda Frazão  Analyst  
Climate Change  Arapyaú Institute  
Sra. Zuleica Goulart  Coordinator  Sustainable Cities Program  
Mr. Plinio Ribeiro  Director  Climate Change  Biofílica Investimentos Ambientais  
Institute for Energy and Climate Strategies, Inc.  
Mr. Dennis Clare  President  
Institute for Environment and Development Sustainability 
Mr. Gongo Paul Simbanane  Senior Lecturer  Research and Innovations  
Ms. Pili Selemani Kantinga  Lecturer  Environmental Science and Management  
Institute for Environmental Security 
Mr. Matt Scott Luna  Communication Officer  
Mr. Lt Gen Retd Tariq Waseem Ghazi  Bureau Member  Global Military Advisory Council on Climate Change   
Institute for Global Environmental Strategies 
Mr. Kazuhiko Takeuchi  President  
Ms. Mikiko Kainuma  Research Advisor  Strategic Quantitative Analysis Centre  
Ms. Tomoko Okumura  Joint Director  Strategic Management Office  
Mr. Kentaro Tamura  Research Leader  Climate and Energy Area  
Mr. Genichiro Tsukada  Secretariat Director  Asia-Pacific Network for Global Change Research (APN) Center  
Mr. Masataka Watanabe  Professor, Chuo University  
Institute for Governance and Sustainable Development 
Mr. Durwood Jerome Zaelke  President  
Ms. Maxime Beaugrand  Director of Paris Office  
Mr. Paul Bledsoe  
Ms. Romina Picolotti  Senior Policy Analyst  
Institute for Public Policy Research 
Mr. Luke Murphy  Head of Environmental Justice Commission  Energy, Climate, Housing and Infrastructure  
Institute for Social and Environmental Transition 
Ms. Gail Nuth  University of Arizona  
 
Institute for Transportation and Development Policy 
Mr. Ramon Javier Cruz-Diaz  International Policy Program Director  
Mr. Christopher George Dekki  Senior Associate  Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport  
Mr. Nikola Medimorec  Senior Researcher  
Ms. Heather Florine Thompson  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Aileen Frances Amador  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Ordosgoitia Sanin  Mayor, City of Monteria  
Institute of Development Studies 
Ms. Eunice Wangari  Researcher  Resource Politics and Environmental Change  
Institute of Energy Economics, Japan 
Mr. Takahiko Tagami  Senior Coordinator  Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Unit  
Mr. Akihiro Kuroki  Managing Director  Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Unit  
Institute of Environment and Sustainable Development in Agriculture, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Science 
Ms. Xue Han  
Mr. Xinxin Bi  
Mr. Xin Ma  
Ms. Haoru Li  
Ms. Xueyan Zhang  Institute of Geographical Sciences and Natural Resources Research, Chinese Academy of Sciences  
Mr. Yaosheng Wang  
Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change Ltd. 
Ms. Stephanie Pfeifer  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Helena Vines Fiestas  Head of Sustainability Research  
Ms. Rachel Ward  Head of Policy  
Instituto de Ecología y Antropología de Acción 
Mr. Leon Demian Meyer zu Ermgassen  
Mr. Miguel Hardy Guimaraes Vasquez  
Ms. Valentina Sovkina  
Instituto Ethos de Empresas e Responsabilidade Social 
Mr. Caio Luiz Carneiro Magri  
Mr. Caetano Scannavino Filho  
Ms. Maria Auxiliadora Cordeiro da Silva  
Instituto Global Attitude  
Mr. Felipe Matsuda Toledo  Coordinator, Diplomacia Civil  
Ms. Carla Susana Antunes dos Santos  
Mr. Leandro Galhardo Viecili  
Mr. Evan Hynes  
Ms. Erica Liberato da Rocha  
Mr. Julian Moore  
Ms. Denize Santana de Sousa  
Ms. Marina Porto Amador  Youth Climate Leaders   
Instituto Internacional de Derecho y Medio Ambiente/International Institute for Law and the Environment  
Ms. Ana María Barreira López  Director  
Ms. Olaya Carlota Ruiz Bautista  Secretary  
Ms. Alba Iranzo Dosdad  Environmental Lawyer  
Ms. Laura Fernández Dobarro  Communication Manager  
Mr. Quentin Aubineau  Environmental Lawyer  
Mr. Massimiliano Patierno  Environmental Engineer  
Mr. Gopal Raj Shilpakar  Assistant to Director  
Ms. Donna Ratier-Kimberley  
Mr. Antonio Tricarico  Adviser  
Instituto Torcuato Di Tella 
Mr. Hernan Carlino  Researcher  Climate Change  
Intelligentsia International, Inc.  
Mr. John Capece  President  
Mr. Michal Fidler  Director  
Mr. Rock Aboujaoude  
Interchurch Organization for Development Cooperation 
Mr. Manantsoa TIANA Andriatsihoarana  Executive Director  CMP Tandavanala  
Mr. Marvin Gustavo Sotelo  Executive Secretary  
Mesoamerican Alliance of Peoples and Forests  
Ms. Reina Isabel Pasos Medrano  Technical Coordinator  Mesoamerican Alliance of Peoples and Forests  
Mr. Marvin Ismael Centeno  Program Coordinator  Central America  International Cocoa Organization   
Mr. Andrés Oswaldo Bernal Ruíz  Director  Colombia and Ecuador  International Cocoa Organization   
InterEnvironment Institute 
Mr. Michael Paparian  Counselor  
Mr. Robert Tyrrell  Advisor  
International Accreditation Forum Inc. 
Mr. Emanuele Riva  Vice Chair  Board of Directors  
International Actuarial Association 
Mr. Samuel Gutterman  Vice-Chair, Resource & Environment Working Group  
International Air Transport Association 
Sr. Haldane Dodd  Head of Communications  Air Transport Action Group  
Mr. Jonathon Counsell  Head of Sustainability  International Airlines Group  
Sr. Pedro de la Fuente  Assistant Manager  Member and External Relations  
Ms. Ligia Maria Esteves Da Fonseca  
Mr. Michael Gill  Director of Aviation Environment  
Mr. Raimonds Gruntins  
Ms. Yue Huang  
International Alliance of Indigenous and Tribal Peoples of the Tropical Forests 
Mr. Estebancio Castro Diaz  
Ms. Paulina Alejandra Acevedo Menanteau  Observatorio Ciudadano  
Mr. Alvaro Alves Carrara  
Ms. Jane Michelle Au  
Ms. Reina Auristela Corea Lopez  
Mr. Joel Isaac Koupermann Kuperman  
Mr. John Samorai Lengoisa  
Ms. India Miro Logan-Riley  New Zealand Youth Delegation Incorporated  
Ms. Nakia Lee Randle  
Mr. Daniel Sherr  
International Association for the Advancement of Innovative Approaches to Global Challenges 
Mr. Miroslaw Polzer  Secretary General of IAAI  
Mr. Nicholas Andrew Nuttall  
Mr. Michael Thomas Joseph Baumann  Climate Chain Coalition  
Mr. Miklos Alexander Veszpremi  
Ms. You Lyu  Youthink Center  
Mr. Kwi Gon Kim  Professor Emeritus  Seoul National University  
Mr. Henk Brouwer Rogers  Blue Planet Foundation   
International Association for the Advancement of Innovative Approaches to Global Challenges (continued) 
Ms. Luise Heidenreich  
Ms. Nadja Polzer  Association Actions Vitales Pour Le Développement Durable  
Mr. Martin Enrique Wainstein  Yale Open Innovation Lab  
Ms. Sofia Hernandez Morales  
Ms. Lingling Hong  
Ms. Janet Yuk-Ching Baumann  
Ms. Janine Galliano  
Ms. Rahmany Tania  
Ms. Lisa Marie McBride  
Mr. Olumide Emmanuel Idowu  
Mr. Vladimir Maxim Litvak  
Ms. Joy Zhan Cheng Zhan Cheng Baumann  
International Association of Oil and Gas Producers 
Ms. Arianna Checchi  Global Engagement Manager  
International Association of Public Transport 
Mr. Philip Turner  Senior Expert  
Mr. Dionisio Gonzalez  
Mr. Mohamed Mezghani  
Mr. Scott Shepherd  
International Chamber of Commerce 
Ms. Majda Dabaghi  Director, Inclusive and Green Growth  
Mr. Rafael Hoyuela Lopez  Head of Strategic International Partnerships  Danish Chamber of Commerce  
Mr. Paul Polman  Chairman  
Mr. Jordi Sellares  Secretary General  ICC Spain  
Mr. Benjamin Amukena Nyqvist  Project Manager  Region Värmland  
Ms. Sandra Anguiano  Ecovidrio  
Mr. Per Gunnar Anker-Nilssen  Head of Energy and Environment  Economic and Industrial Policy  Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise  
Mr. Miguel Antoñanzas Alvear  Club Español de la Energia  
Mr. José Aravena  
Ms. Natascha Avaria Borges da Gama  Coordinator Sustainability  Cámara de Comercio de Santiago  
Mr. Nick Baird  Group Cooporate Affairs Director  Centrica  
Mr. Francisco Javier Baladrón Lamas  Sustainability Officer  Pixel Films S.L.  
Ms. Angela Carmen Baldellou Plaza  Colegio Oficial de Ingenieros Industriales de Madrid  
Mr. Gregory Barker  Chief Executive Officer  EN+ PLC  
Mr. Carlos Bascou  
Mr. Bruno Bastit  Senior Corporate Governance & Sustainable Finance Specialist  S&P Global Ratings  
Ms. Alexandra Belias  Head of International Government Engagement  Aviva PLC  
Ms. Corinne Bendersky  Associate Director Sustainable Finance  S&P Global Ratings  
Ms. Elena Berruguete  Ericsson  
Mr. Marten Björk  Chairman  Elpanneteknik  
Ms. Marte Borhaug  Global Head ESG Investment Solutions  Aviva Investors  
Mr. Jaime Borrell  Business Development Director  Alstom Transporte S.A.U.  
Mr. Marcello Silva do Amaral Brito  Chairman of the Board  
Mr. Stuart Bruce  Senior Associate  International Arbitration  Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale & Dorr LLP  
Ms. Johanna Brunge Grant  Climate Strategist  ZeroMission AB  
Mr. Steven Bullock  Global Head of Research  ESG Client Delivery and Analytics  Trucost, part of S&P Global  
Mr. Remi Bussac  Climate Policy Advisor  Sustainable Development  Electricité de France  
Ms. Emmanuelle Butaud-Stubbs  General Manager  ICC France  
Mr. Anton Butmanov  Director Sustainable Development  EN+ PLC  
Mr. Marcos Vinícius Cantarino  Policy and Industry Specialist II  Environment and Sustainability Executive Management  National Confederation of Industry  
Mr. Carlos Caruz  
Mr. Harald Cavalli-Björkman  Head of Communications  Renewcell AB  
Mr. Timothy Conley  Global Communications Officer   
International Chamber of Commerce (continued) 
Mr. Simon Connell  Head, Sustainability Strategy  Group Sustainability  Standard Chartered Bank  
Mr. David Cumming  CIO  Global Equities  Aviva Investors  
Mr. Marcelo Thomé da Silva Almeida  President  Environment and Sustainability Committee  National Confederation of Industry  
Ms. Noemie de la Gorce  Analyst  Sustainable Finance  S&P Global Ratings  
Mr. Risteard de Paor  Lawyer  Environmental Disputes  Independent Practitioner  
Mr. Luc Dehon  Member of the Executive Board  Dehon SA  
Mr. John Denton  Secretary General  
Mr. Adolfo Díaz-Ambrona Medrano  Secretary General  Danish Chamber of Commerce  
Mr. Philippe Diez  Vice President EMEA / East Asia  Schneider Electric  
Ms. Rachel Dignam  Knowledge Manager  
Ms. Jaspreet Duhra  Director  S&P Global  
Mr. Jonathan Michael Dunn  Head of International Policy and Planning  Anglo American plc  
Ms. Alice Durand-Réville  Director Coorperation and Public Affairs  Danone  
Ms. Mercedes Fajardo Santos  Colegio Oficial de Ingenieros Industriales de Madrid  
Ms. Tania Fernandez  Foretica  
Mr. Andrés Ferrer Santiago  Asociación Clúster de la Construcción Sostenible de Andalucía  
Mr. César Franco  Colegio Oficial de Ingenieros Industriales de Madrid  
Mr. Michel Fredeau  Managing Director and Senior Partner  The Boston Consulting Group & Cie  
Mr. Rogerio Ghesti  International Policy Manager  International Chamber of commerce  
Mr. Peter Glynn  Advisor  Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry  
Mr. Jorge Gomez  
Mr. Rodrigo Gomez  Cesefor Foundation  
Ms. Monique Gonçalves  Strategy and Planning Manager  Government Relations  Shell Brasil S/A  
Ms. Laura Gonzalo Ruiz  
Mr. Juan José Grigera Naon  Director  Sociedad Rural Argentina  
Mr. Camilo Guarín  Climate Change Manager  Telefónica S.A.  
Ms. Ylva Hannestad  Co-Head Group Sustainable Finance  Nordea  
Ms. Sandra Maria Hanni  Policy Assistant  
Mr. Gunnar Hellerström  Project Manager  Paper Province  
Mr. Michael Henson  Project Director  Oil Search Ltd  
Ms. Paola Andrea Herrera Cuellar  Coordinadora de la Línea de Energía Sostenible  Energía Sostenible  Corporación Ambiental Empresarial  
Mr. Nelson Illescas  Director  Buenos Aires Grain Exchange  
Ms. Jennifer Louise Irving  
Ms. Ninning Jal  Health, Safety & Environment Supervisor  Markham Valley Biomass Limited  
Ms. Aurélie Jardin  Public Affairs and Partnership Director  Sustainable Development  Schneider Electric  
Mr. Olle Jonäng  Senior Advisor  Region Västra Götaland  
Mr. Erik Josephsson  Chief Executive Officer  Biosorbe AB  
Ms. Regina Karakina  Policy Manager  ICC Germany  
Mr. Abyd Karmali  Climate Finance Executive  Bank of America Merrill Lynch  
Ms. Lelde Kazule  Sales and Marketing Coordinator  World Climate Ltd.  
Mr. Roman Kramarchuk  Head, Energy Scenarios Technology & Policy Analysis  S&P Global Platts  
Mr. Manfred Kurz  Head of Policy Affairs  Würth Haus Berlin  
Ms. Bardha Kushutani  Business Development Manager  World Climate Ltd.  
Ms. Julianne Lee  Managing Director  HSBC  
Mr. Andrew Nicolas Liveris  Leader  B-Team   
International Chamber of Commerce (continued) 
Mr. Martin Lok  Deputy Director  Natural Capital Coalition  
Mr. Patrik Lundström  Chief Executive Officer  Renewcell AB  
Mr. Luis Fernando Macías  Socio  Area Ambiental Corporativo  Philippi Prietocarrizosa Ferrero DU & Urias  
Mr. Jeronimo Maillo  Fundación Universitaria San Pablo CEU  
Mr. Daniel Maniega  Environmental Manager  Telefónica S.A.  
Ms. Denise Maranhão  Stakeholder Relations Senior Adviser  External Relations  Shell  
Mr. Richard Mattison  Chief Executive Officer Trucost  Trucost, S&P Dow Jones Indices  
Mr. Vincent Georges Lucien Mazauric  Principal Scientist, IP Director  Corporate Research  Schneider Electric  
Mr. Jorge Mendiguchía  Member of Board  Cluster de la Construcción Sostenible de Andalucía.  
Mr. Esteban Mezzano  General Counsel Operations & Sustainability  Nestlé  
Ms. Wendy Miles  Vice-Chair  ICC Court of Arbitration  
Mr. Steven Moore  GSMA  
Ms. Julia Moreno  Foretica  
Ms. Carolina Muro  Specialist Institutional Affairs  Nestelé España S.A.  
Mr. Márcio Nappo  Director Sustainability  Jamaica Bureau of Standards  
Ms. Angela Nogueira Fey  Public Relations Specialist  Novozymes  
Ms. Maria Pilar Nuñez Lopez  Director  
Mr. José Manuel Núñez-Lagos  Ecovidrio  
Mr. Juan Carlos Olmedo Hidalgo  
Ms. Maya Ormazabal Herrero  Head of Climate Change  Telefonica  
Mr. Claudio Ortega Bello  
Ms. María Pura Pacín Pazos  Trade Finance Product Owner  Banco Santander S.A.  
Ms. Ana Padillo Moreno  Club Español de la Energia  
Ms. Julia Panzer  Danfoss A/S  
Mr. Claus Stig Pedersen  Head of Global Sustainability  Novozymes  
Ms. Maelle Pelisson  Advocacy Director  Business for Nature  
Mr. Jaime Peralta  
Sra. Melba Rocio Pérez Tuta  Socia  Bogota D.C.  Melba Pérez – Presencia Legal SAS  
Mr. Justin Perrettson  Head of GLobal Engagements  Corporate Sustainability  Novozymes  
Mr. Vincent Petit  SCP Global Strategy Scenarios  Global Strategy  Schneider Electric  
Mr. Ralf Pfitzner  Head of Sustainability  Group Strategy – Sustainability  Volkswagen AG  
Ms. Constanca Pinto Moura  Public Affairs Advisor  Public Affairs & Sustainability  Danfoss  
Mr. Marcus Pratsch  Head of Sustainable Bonds and Climate  DZ Bank AG  
Mr. Luis Eduardo Prieto Linares  Coordinador Técnico y Administrativo del Proyecto NAMA Industria  Energía Sostenible  Corporación Ambiental Empresarial  
Mr. Jose Antonio Quintas Fírvida  Sustainabilty Officer  Pixel Films S.L.  
Ms. Camila Ramos Castro  Lawyer  
Mr. Edmond Rhys Jones  Principle  Boston Consulting Group  
Mr. Xavier Ribera Fernandez  Corporate Affairs Manager  BASF  
Mr. Patrice Rollet  Managing Director  INVENTEC Performance Chemicals  
Mr. Romero Botella Rosario  Nestelé España S.A.  
Mr. Kially Miguel Ruiz  Chief Executive Officer  Cibao Cloud Technologies  
Ms. Elena Ruiz  
Mr. Urs Ruth  Group Chief Expert Energy and Climate Change  Future Research and Technology Strategy  Robert Bosch GmbH  
Mr. Pablo Sabin  Chief Executive Officer  Fundación Centro de Servicios y Promoción Forestal y de su Industria de Castilla y León  
Mr. Frank Scheidig  Global Head  Senior Executive Banking  DZ Bank AG  
Mr. Nilmar Seccomandi David  Head of Infrastructure  Telefonica   
International Chamber of Commerce (continued) 
Mr. Claudio Seebach  
Mr. Jaime Segarra Culilla  Telefonica  
Ms. Susan Shannon  Vice President, Government Relations  Shell  
Mr. Jaime Silos  Foretica  
Mr. Lars-Erik Sjögren  Operations  Biosorbe AB  
Ms. Linnet Solway  
Ms. Fabiola Suarez Sanz  Directora Ejecutiva  Corporación Ambiental Empresarial  
Ms. Salla Sulasuo  Global Climate Lead  Corporate Sustainability  Royal DSM  
Mr. Rene Toet  Climate Neutral Group  
Ms. Verónica Torres Puentes  Executive Secretary Sustainability  Cámara de Comercio de Santiago  
Mr. Jeff Turner  VP Sustainability  Corporate Sustainability  Royal DSM  
Ms. Claire Tutenuit  Managing Director  Association Française des Entreprises pour l’Environnement  
Mr. Sebastian Ullström  Project Manager  Region Värmland  
Ms. Sora Utzinger  SRI Analyst  Aviva Investors  
Mr. Gilles Vermot Desroches  Sustainability Senior Vice President  Schneider Electric  
Mr. Dieter Michael Vollkommer  VP Sustainability  
Strategy - Sustainability  Siemens AG  
Mr. Ed Wells  Head of Group Policy, Sustainable Finance and Investment  Group Public Affairs  HSBC  
Ms. Claire Wigg  Chief Executive Officer  ZeroMission AB  
Mr. Michael Wilkins  Manging Director  Sustainable Finance  S&P Global Ratings  
Mr. Heikki Juhani Willstedt  Asociación Empresarial Eólica  
Ms. Eva Zabey  Executive Director  Business for Nature  
Mr. Montse Zamorano Toro  Member of Board  Cluster de la Construcción Sostenible de Andalucía.  
Ms. María Victoria Zingoni  Club Español de la Energia  
Mr. Juan-Pablo Zuniga  
International Climate Dialogue e.V. 
Mr. Björn Dransfeld  
Ms. Lucie Royer  Research Consultant  Climate Change  Ramboll  
International Coastal and Ocean Organization 
Ms. Vanessa Knecht  
Mr. Ryan McLaughlin  Research Assistant  
Ms. Laura Moreno  Digital Communications  Oceano Azul Foundation  
Mr. Peter Ricketts  President and Vice-Chancellor  Office of the President  Acadia University  
International Copper Association, Ltd. 
Mr. Steven Kukoda  Executive Director  
International Council for Sustainable Energy 
Ms. Laura Tierney  Director  International Programs  Business Council for Sustainable Energy  
Mr. Brendan Bateman  Clayton Utz  
Ms. Pradnya Bhandari  Duke University  
Mr. Teodros Gessesse  Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder  IntelliMedia Networks Inc.  
Mr. Guillermo Gutierrez  Senior Advanced Programs Engineer  Space and Airborne Systems  L3Harris Technologies  
Mr. Charles Hernick  Director of Policy and Advocacy  Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions Forum  
Mr. Robert McGrory  
Mr. Darshan Sedani  President, Co-Founder  IntelliMedia Networks Inc.  
Mr. Joel Sheakoski  
Ms. Sophie Catherine Whitehead  Associate  Baker McKenzie  
International Council of Chemical Associations 
Mr. Jorge Juan Soto Delgado  Sustainable Development Director  Braskem   
International Council of Chemical Associations (continued) 
Mr. Nobuyuki Kawashima  Mitsui Chemicals, Inc. - ICCA Energy and Climate Change LG, Chair  ICCA Division  Mitsui Chemicals Inc.  
Ms. Marina Rocchi Martins Mattar  Brazilian Association of the Chemical Industry  
Ms. Adriana Mello  Braskem  
Ms. Tara Jessica Nitz  Covestro AG  
International Council on Clean Transportation Inc. 
Mr. Dale Hall  Program Associate  Electric Vehicles  
International Cryosphere Climate Initiative 
Ms. Pamela Jean Pearson  
Ms. Hannah Elizabeth Baranes  
Mr. Dirk Hoffmann  
Ms. Anke Marion Kessler  
Mr. Dirk Notz  Sea Ice in the Earth System  Max-Planck Institute for Meteorology  
Ms. Heidi Sevestre  University of St. Andrews  
International Dairy Federation 
Ms. Caroline Emond  Director General  
Mr. Pablo Frere  
Mr. Pablo Manzano Baena  
International Development Research Centre 
Mr. Walter Ubal  Senior Program Specialist  Climate Change  
Mr. Bhim Prasad Adhikari  Senior Program Officer  Climate Change  
International Emissions Trading Association 
Mr. Derrick Forrister  Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Andras Juhasz  Acwa Power  
Mr. Carlos Cordova  
Mr. Stefano De Clara  
Mr. Antoine Diemert  Programme Director  Icroa  
Mr. Simon Henry  
Ms. Pierra-Lisa Spafford  Director  Strategic Partnerships  
Ms. Kathleen Eleanor Sullivan  
Mr. Edwin Olaf Bareld Aalders  DNV GL  
Ms. Africa Abajas  Vertis Environmental Finance  
Mr. Daniele Agostini  ENEL  
Mr. Guido Alfani  Carbonsink  
Mr. Enric Arderiu Serra  BP  
Ms. Lucy Arndt  Ecosphere+  
Ms. Jennifer Ann Betka  Indigo Ag  
Mr. Jean-Philippe Brisson  Latham & Watkins, LLP  
Mr. Urs Brodmann  First Climate  
Ms. Brianda Bugge-Mahrt  
Mr. James Campbell  Carbon Trade Exchange  
Mr. Yvan Champagne  Blue Source Canada  
Mr. Philippe Chauveau  Solvay  
Mr. Chuchill Madueme Chibuike  Africa Global Development for Positive Change Initiative  
Mr. Sandeep Roy Choudhury  VNV Advisory Services  
Ms. Patricia Collawn  Edison Electric Institute  
Mr. Cornelis Johannes Hendrikus Cozijnsen  Climate Neutral Group  
Mr. Oliver Crouch  Natural Capital Partners  
Mr. Sergi Cuadrat  Allcot AG  
Mr. Nick D’Alleva  APX, Inc.  
Mr. Manish Dabkara  Eki Energy Services Limited  
Mr. Renato De Filippo  Eni SpA  
Mr. Daniël de Vries  ACT Commodities  
Ms. Paola Del Rio  First Climate Markets AG  
Ms. Lisa Elizabeth DeMarco  DeMarco Allan LLP  
Mr. Federico Di Credico  ACT Financial Solutions  
Mr. Harald Diaz-Bone  First Climate  
Mr. Marc Falguera Von Niessen  Vertis Environmental Finance  
Mr. Hamid Aria Farhad  WATERisLIFE  
Ms. Christine Faure Fedigan  ENGIE  
Mr. Pablo Fernandez de Mello e Souza  Rio de Janeiro Environmental Exchange  
Mr. Daniel Fisher  Ecosphere+   
International Emissions Trading Association (continued) 
Ms. Susannah Fitzherbert-Brockholes  PricewaterhouseCoopers  
Mr. Jochen Gassner  First Climate Markets AG  
Mr. Alfredo Gil Acevedo  Allcot Group  
Mr. Jonathan Robin Grant  Rio Tinto plc  
Mr. Jonathan Grassiano  ACT Commodities  
Ms. Beatriz Guillén Gómez  EcoAct  
Mr. Alastair Handley  Climate Smart Group  
Mr. Edward Hanrahan  ClimateCare  
Ms. Karen Haugen-Kozyra  Viresco Solutions  
Mr. Andrew Hedges  Norton Rose Bulbright  
Mr. Tatsushi Hemmi  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Mr. David Hone  Shell International Petroleum Co Ltd  
Mr. Takashi Hongo  Senior Fellow  Mitsui & Co Global Strategic Studies Institute  
Mr. Paul Jefferiss  British Petroleum Company  
Mr. Frank Joshua  Transocean Group  
Ms. Victoria Kalyvas  
Mr. Zachary Kane  Arbor Day Foundation  
Mr. Thomas Kansy  Vivid Economics  
 
Mr. Sanjay Khanna  Baker McKenzie  
Ms. Sojung Kim  Marubeni Corporation  
Ms. Akiko Kitazawa  Mitsui & Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Katerina Kolaciova  Vertis Environmental Finance  
Ms. Maria Kolos  Refinitiv  
Mr. Lars Kvale  APX, Inc.  
Mr. Dan Lambe  President  Arbor Day Foundation  
Ms. Kelsey Lank  Bluesource  
Ms. Anne Lapierre  Norton Rose Fulbright  
Ms. Anne Lapierre  Norton Rose Fulbright  
Mr. Martin Leimalm  S&P Global Platts  
Mr. Mark Christopher Lewis  BNP Paribas Asset Management  
Mr. Thomas James Lord  Norton Rose Fulbright  
Mr. Andrea Maggiani  Carbonsink  
Ms. Guadalupe Mairata  Baker McKenzie SLP  
Mr. Jeremy Manion  Arbor Day Foundation  
Ms. Eva Masa  CEMEX  
Mr. Prince Dan Mbachi  Africa Global Development for Positive Change Initiative  
Mr. Jonathan Eric Ockwell McGillivray  DeMarco Allan LLP  
Ms. Eszter Mihaly  Vertis Environmental Finance  
Ms. Illona Millar  Baker & McKenzie  
Mr. Jonathan Mitchell  Suncor  
Mr. Roberto Montero Gonzalez  Environmental Commodity Partners LP  
Mr. Tommi Neuvonen  Allcot AG  
Mr. Martin Nichols  S&P Global Ratings  
Mr. Javier Núñez Martínez  S&P Global Ratings  
Ms. Olumayowa Modupeore Ogunremi  The GreenHouse Project  
Ms. Bernadett Eva Papp  Vertis Environmental Finance Ltd.  
Mr. William Andres Pazos  AirCarbon Pte, Ltd.  
Mr. Ingo Puhl  The South Pole Group  
Mr. Feng Qian  General Manager  Shanghai Zhixin Carbon Asset Management CO.,Ltd  
Ms. Yasomie Ranasinghe  PricewaterhouseCoopers  
Ms. Liv Rathe  Norsk Hydro Ltd  
Ms. Cristina Raventós Martín  EcoAct  
Ms. Catherine Helen Reheis-Boyd  Western States Petroleum Association  
Ms. Nichole Rescildo  S&P Global  
Mr. Soo Bok Rhee  Ecoeye Co Ltd  
Ms. Tiffany Krista Roberts  Western States Petroleum Association  
Mr. Nicolas Roduner  Asociación Colombiana de Actores del Mercado de Carbono  
Mr. Richard Saines  Pollination  
Mr. Daiki Sato  Mitsui & Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Jonathan Shopley  Natural Capital Partners  
Mr. Mark Simpson  Co2Balance  
Mr. Manpreet Singh  KPMG-India   
International Emissions Trading Association (continued) 
Ms. Erica Meta Smith  Terra Global Capital, LLC  
Mr. Howard Lee Solsbery  
Mr. Wijnand Sarel P. Stoefs  Programme Manager  European Roundtable on Climate Change and Sustainable Transition  
Mr. Edward Stones  Dow  
Mr. Brian M Storms  APX, Inc.  
Mr. Kenneth Layne Surritte  WATERisLIFE  
Mr. Jeffrey Colin Swartz  South Pole  
Mr. Michiel ten Hoopen  ClearBlue Markets  
Mr. Alexandre Treny  ACT Commodities B. V.  
Mr. Gareth Turner  Numerco  
Mr. Gyozo David Ungar  Acwa Power  
Mr. Gerardo Hugo Ureta Alonso  Michelin  
Ms. Ann-Cathrin Vaage  Equinor ASA  
Mr. Nicholas van Aelstyn  Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP  
Ms. Susana Vélez Haller  South Pole  
Ms. Maria Carmen Vindel Sanchez  Naturgy  
Ms. Candace Vinke  Viresco Solutions  
Mr. William David Vowell  The GreenHouse Project  
 
Ms. Stéphanie Want  Total S.A.  
Mr. Alexander Patrick Watson  Natural Capital Partners  
Ms. Sophie Catherine Whitehead  Baker & McKenzie  
Ms. Jeanne Wolak  Southern Company  
Mr. Atsushi Yoshida  Marubeni Corporation  
Mr. Robert Louis Zeller III  Oxy Low Carbon Ventures  
Mr. Jean-Yves Caneill  
Mr. Antonio Canoyra  
Mr. Antonio Fuertes Zurita  
International Environment and Economy Institute 
Ms. Sumiko Kobayashi  
International Environmental Communication Association 
Mr. Gregg B. Walker  Project Co-Director  Oregon State University  
Mr. Richard Buttny  Professor  Communication  Syracuse University  
Ms. Juliet Pinto  Professor  School of Journalism and Mass Communication  Florida International University  
Mr. Andreas Schuck  Professor  Communicaton Science  Amsterdam School of Communication Research  
Ms. Danielle Endres  Professor  Communication  University of Utah  
Ms. Eva Åsén Ekstrand  Senior Lecturer  Media and Communication Studies  
International Federation of Industrial Energy Consumers 
Ms. Barbara Minderjahn  Vice President  Board  
International Federation of Liberal Youth 
Mr. Víctor López Payà  
Mr. Kevin Charbel  Climate Justice Programme Officer  Liberal International  
Ms. Louise Christina Grabo  
Mr. Krzysztof Piotr Kotela- Cios  
H.E. Mr. Steven Ernest Linares  Minister for Culture, the Media, Youth and Sport  Government of Gibraltar  
International Federation of Medical Students’ Associations 
Ms. Omnia El Omrani  Liaison Officer for Public Health Issues  Public Health  
Mr. Rodrigo Sanchez Iturregui  
Ms. Iris Blom  
Ms. Meghan Victoria Kerr  
Ms. Kim Robin van Daalen  
Ms. Juliette Mattijsen  Public Health  
Ms. Sylvia Gralak  
Mr. Abubakr Osman Eisa Ali  
Mr. Tarek Ezzine  Liaison Officer for Public Health issues  
Ms. Jacqueline Bredhauer   
International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements 
Mr. Gabor Figeczky  Advocacy Manager  
Mr. Gustavo Alés Villarán  Regeneration International   
Ms. Niamh Olive Holland-Essoh  Communications Officer  
Mr. Francisco Cornejo Soms  
Ms. Federica Varini  
International Fertilizer Association 
Mme Margot Clifford Laguette  Communications Specialist  
Mr. Clyde Graham  Fertilizer Canada  
Ms. Yvonne Harz-Pitre  
Ms. Lara Moody  The Fertilizer Institute  
Mr. Markus Schmid  Head of business mgmt, N-management  BASF  
Mr. Bernhard Stormyr  Head of Sustainability Management  Yara International  
Mr. Sammy Van Den Broeck  VP, Head of Business Unit Decarbonize  Yara International  
International Forestry Students’ Association 
Ms. Ninni Alina Ilmatar Lehikoinen  Head of UNFCCC Sub-Commission  
Mr. Daniel Guerra  
Ms. Oluwaseun Adekugbe  
Ms. Burcu Berk  
Ms. Emma Bryant  
Ms. Lily Clarke  
Ms. Trang Le Ngoc Mai  
Ms. Carmen Monges  
Mr. Jorge Sánchez Hernández  Sail to the COP  
Ms. Sarah Wertz  
International Forum on Globalization Inc. 
Ms. Jiajun Dale Wen  
Ms. Claire Greensfelder  Coordinator  Special Projects  
Mr. Jeffrey Mark Dambacher  
Mr. Juan Camilo Sarmiento Lobo  
International Foundation for African Children 
Mr. Emmanuel Chinweze Okechukwu  
Mr. Ifeanyi Oliver Arihilam  
Ms. Jinhyun Park  Greener Impact International  
Mr. Ndubuisi Innocent Offor  
Mr. Oluwaseun Richard Adebayo  
International Gas Union 
Mr. Joo-Myung Kang  President  
Mr. Luis Bertran  
Mr. Luis Calvo  Director Advisor  Secretariat  
Ms. Tatiana Khanberg  
Mr. Menelaos Ydreos  
International Hydropower Association 
Mr. Richard M. Taylor  Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Mathis Rogner  Senior Analyst  Research and Policy  
Sra. Cristina Diez Santos  Senior Analyst  Research and Policy  
Ms. Maria Ubierna Aparicio  Specialist  Research and Policy  
Mr. William Henley  
International Indian Treaty Council 
Ms. Andrea Carmen  Executive Director  
Sr. Carlos Chex  
Ms. Niria Alicia Garcia  
Mr. Wilton Littlechild  Expert on the United Nations Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous People  Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (EMRIP)  
Ms. Janene Natasha Yazzie  
International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis 
Mr. Bastiaan Johannes van Ruijven  Senior Research Scholar  
Mr. Reinhard Ernst Felix Mechler  Research Scholar  Risk, Policy and Vulnerability Program  
Mr. Florian Kraxner  Deputy Program Director  Ecosystems Services and Management Program  
Ms. Piera Patrizio  Research Scholar  Ecosystems Services and Management Program  
Mr. Paul Natsuo Kishimoto  Postdoctoral Research Scholar  Transitions to New Technologies Program and Energy Program  
Ms. Barbara Anna Willaarts  Project Manager  Water Program  
Mr. Edward Anthony Byers  Research Scholar  Energy   
International Institute for Environment and Development 
Mr. Andrew Peter Norton  Director  
Ms. Sarah McIvor  Researcher  Climate Change Group  
Mr. Javier Piedra Fierro  
Ms. Anne Marie Schulthess  Marketing Manager  Communications  
Ms. Clare Shakya  Group Head  Climate Change Group  
Mr. Barry Smith  
Ms. Florence Walker  
International Institute for Sustainable Development 
Ms. Anne Hammill  Director  Resilience  
Mr. Crawford Alec  Senior Researcher  Resilience  
Ms. Vanessa Corkal  Policy Analyst  Energy  
Ms. Angela Dazé  Associate  Resilience  
Mr. Christian Ledwell  Program Manager, NAP Global Network  Resilience  
Ms. Laura Merrill  Manager and Senior Policy Adviser, Global Subsidies Initiative  Energy  
Ms. Paulina Mlynarska  Communications and Media Officer  Energy  
Mr. Daniel Morchain  Contractor  Resilience  
 
Ms. Lourdes Sanchez  Policy Advisor  Energy  
Ms. Anika Terton  Policy Advisor  Resilience  
Mr. Peter Wooders  Director  Energy  
International National Trusts Organisation 
Mr. Andrew Potts  Coordinator  ICOMOS Climate Change and Heritage Working Group  
Mr. Connor Childs  National Trust for the Cayman Islands  
Ms. Catherine Childs  Education Programmes Manager  National Trust for the Cayman Islands  
Mr. Ewan Hyslop  Head of Technical Research & Science  Historic Environment Scotland  
Ms. Silvia Martínez Rocher  International Affairs Advisor  
Ms. Estefania McDermot  National Trust for the Cayman Islands  
Ms. Olivia Zimmer  National Trust for the Cayman Islands  
International Network for Sustainable Energy 
Mr. Richard Kimbowa  INFORSE-Africa, Uganda Coalition for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Ahmed Sohel  Managing Director  Grameen Shakti  
Ms. Judit Szoleczky  Sustainable Energy News, INFORSE  
Mr. Paul Allen  Centre for Alternative Technology (CAT)  
Ms. Teresa Vicente Gimenez  
International Network of Basin Organizations 
Mr. Eric Tardieu  Secretary General  
Mr. Edouard Boinet  Project Manager  
International Network of Women Engineers and Scientists  
Ms. Yvette Ramos  president  geneva  Swiss Engineering  
Ms. Lylian Coelho Ferreira  Gender & Climate Change  
Ms. Lidia Manuela Duarte Santiago  
Ms. Pascale Fressoz  Presidente AIODD  
Ms. Belen Garcia de Pablos  World Federation of Engineering Organizations  
Ms. Nathalie Reynaud  
International Organization for Standardization 
Ms. Ana-Maria Tomlinson  
Mr. Doogie Black  
Mr. John Dora  Chief Executive Officer  John Dora Consulting Limited  
Mr. John Shideler   
International Organization of Employers 
Mr. Roberto Suarez Santos  Acting Secretary General  
Mr. Robert Marinkovic  Adviser  International Organisation of Employers  
International Peatland Society 
Mr. Gilbert Ludwig  Secretary General  
International Policy Network 
Mr. Roderic Richardson  President  Grace Richardson Fund  
Ms. Elizabeth Halliday  COO  Grace Richardson Fund  
International Society for Ecological Economics 
Mr. Stuart Scott  Strategic Consultant  
Mr. James Hansen  Professor  Climate Science, Awareness and Solutions Program  Columbia University  
Mr. Daniel Galpern  
Mr. Luiz Marques  
Mr. Peter Wadhams  Emeritus Professor of Ocean Physics  University of Cambridge  
International Society of Biometeorology 
Sr. Pablo Fernandez de Arroyabe  President  
International Solar Energy Society e.V. 
Mr. Jose Gonzalez Aguilar  
Mr. Robert James Youngberg  
International Trade Union Confederation 
Mr. Bert De Wel  Policy Officer  
Ms. Sharan Leslie Burrow  General Secretary  
Ms. Alison Tate  
Ms. Gemma Swart  
Ms. Samantha Jane Smith  
Ms. Montserrat Mir Roca  Just Transition Centre  
Ms. Jacqueline Mary MacLeod  Just Transition Centre  
Mr. Felix Mailleux  
Mr. Ludovic Voet  European Trade Union Confederation  
Mr. Upgi Kim  
Ms. Natalia Carrau Biramontes  Confederación Sindical de Las Américas  
Ms. Rhoda Boateng  
Ms. Catarina Faria Alves Silveira  
Sra. Alejandra Tamara Muñoz Valenzuela  Unified Workers Confederation  
Ms. Pia-Maria Björkbacka  
Mr. Vesa Vuorenkoski  AKAVA  
Mr. David Boys  PSI  
Mr. Frederik Moch  DGB  
Mr. Jan Philipp Paprotny  DGB  
Mr. Sergio Luis Gonzalez  
Sr. Joaquin Fabián Turco  Sec. de Relaciones Internacionales  Central de Trabajadores Argentinos - CTA  
Sr. Carlos Jose Guarnizo Rico  Solidarity Center  
Ms. Ema Liliefna  
Ms. Simona Fabiani  Climate and Environment Policy  Italian General Confederation of Labour (CGIL)  
Ms. Laura Mariani  CGIL  
Mr. Stefano Ruvolo  Confederazione Italiana des Sindacati Lavoratori  
Mr. Giuseppe D’Ercole  
Mr. Chihiro Ishigami  Assistant General Secretary  Japanese Trade Union Confederation  
Ms. Michiko Hayashibala  Advisor  Japanese Trade Union Confederation  
Mr. Tomonori Ide  Central Executive Committee Member  Japan Federation of Basic Industry Workers’ Union  
Ms. Rebecca Okello Abongo  
Mr. Andrianjara Tiana Rasoanaivo  FISEMARE  
Mr. Mohamed Raouindi  Union Marocaine Du Travail  
Mr. Mahamadou Harouna  CDTN  
Mr. Vicente Unay  SENTRO  
Mr. Babacar Sylla  CNTS  
Ms. Lebogang Mulaisi  COSATU  
Mr. Manuel Riera Diaz  UGT  
Mr. José de las Morenas  UGT  
Mr. Wilfredo Miro Baiges  UGT  
Mr. Mariano Sanz Lubeiro  CCOO   
International Trade Union Confederation (continued) 
Ms. Ana Maria Garcia de la Torre  UGT  
Mr. Graham Petersen  University and College union  
Mr. Robert Szewczyk  Senior Policy Adviser  NSZZ "Solidarnosc"  
Ms. Ewa Buzon-Krupinska  Solidarnosc  
Mr. Krzysztof Masiuk  The National Secretariat of Mine and Energy Workers’ Union NSZZ  
Mr. Wojciech Ilnicki  
Mr. Daniel Machado Gaio  Central Unica dos Trabalhadores (CUT)  
Sr. Jairo Arenas Acevedo  Unified Workers Confederation  
Mr. Silas Gadani Adamu  
Mr. Ojonugwa Ayegba  
Ms. Imole Tina Eyegbaghnren  
Mr. Olanrewaju Monsur Popoola  
Mr. John Mark Mwanika  
Mr. Juan Gabriel Castro Lopez  Internacional de la Educación América Latina  
Mr. Omar Faruk Osman Nur  General Secretary  Federation of Somali Trade Unions  
Ms. Muna Aweis Omar  Societal Officer  Federation of Somali Trade Unions  
Mr. Abdullahi Moalim Mohamed Ahmed  National Officer Societal Officer  Somali National Teachers Union  Federation of Somali Trade Unions  
Mr. Francis Paul Stuart  
Mr. Timothy Andrew Page  Trade Union Congress  
Mr. David Brent Bleakney  Canadian Union of Postal Workers - CUPW  
 
Mr. Simon Kelly  Canadian Labour Congress  
Mr. Michael Butler  Canadian Union of Public Employees  
Ms. Julee Sanderson  Canadian Labour Congress  
Mr. Christopher Karl Schwartz  Canadian Union of Postal Workers - CUPW  
Mr. Daniel Valente  Unifor  
Ms. Joie Diane Warnock  Unifor  
Mr. Mark Glogowski  President  SEPB-Québec-FTQ  
Ms. Marie-Céline Fréchette Rose  President  FTQ  
Mr. Réal Valiquette  Syndicat des Metallos  
Ms. Caroline Couture  Representante Syndicale  FTQ  
Ms. Leonor Cedillo Becerril  Canadian Union of Public Employees  
Mr. Cory Channon  Canadian Labour Congress  
Mr. James Allen Coccola  
Mr. Richard Ernest MacIntosh  International Brotherhood of Boilermakers  
Ms. Kimberly Wilson  Canadian Labour Congress  
Mr. Derek Benson  Canadian Union of Public Employees  
Mr. Paul Douglas Carter  Unifor  
Mr. Joel Edward Estlin Duff  CLC  
Mr. Denis Dumouchel  Canadian Labour Congress  
Mr. Waheed Khan  
Mr. David Mastin  Canadian Labour Congress  
Mr. Sylvain Martin  FTQ  
Mr. Angel Muñoa Blas  CCOO  
Mr. Luis Miguel Clarimón Torrecillas  CCOO  
Mr. Angel Juberias Torrubia  CCOO  
Ms. Begoña Maria-Tome Gil  CCOO  
Mr. Carlos del Barrio Quesada  CCOO  
Ms. Paloma Vazquez Laserna  CCOO  
Ms. Irene Shen  
Mr. Santiago Gonzalez Vallejo  Deputy secretary  Unión Sindical Obrera  
Mr. Javier de Vicente  Secretary for International action and Sustainable Development  Unión Sindical Obrera  
Mr. Ulf Jarnefjord  
Sr. Nolberto Javier Díaz Sánchez  CUT  
Ms. Magdalena Sikorowska  Policy Advisor  European Federation of Building and Wood Workers  
Ms. Ibis Violeta Fernández Honores  Secretaria de Ecología y Medio Ambiente  Confederación de Trabajadores del Perú - CGTP  
Ms. Valeria Parra Balayé  UGT  
Mr. Francisco Cabezos  
Ms. Nella Pineda-Marcon  New York State Nurses Association  
Ms. Encarnacion Pizarro Pariente  CCOO  
Mr. Antonio Ferrer Márquez  CCOO   
International Trade Union Confederation (continued) 
Mr. José Carlos González Lorente  CCOO  
Mr. Carlos Alfonso Martinez Camarero  CCOO  
Ms. Libertad Camino Alcocer Onrubia  CCOO  
Ms. Fatima Aguado Queipo  CCOO  
Mr. Manuel Ángel Fernández Balanza  CCOO  
Ms. Cristina de la Torre Sanz  CCOO  
Mr. José Luis De la Cruz Leiva  UGT  
Mr. Eduardo Magaldi González  UGT  
Mr. Angel Rubio Gómez  UGT  
Mr. Eduardo Herreros Andrés  UGT  
Mr. Javier Vico Reinado  UGT  
Mr. Juan Manuel Antón Hernández  UGT  
Mr. Antonio Losetti  
Ms. Sara Autieri  Confederazione Italiana des Sindacati Lavoratori  
Mr. José María Álvarez Suárez  UGT  
Mr. Bela Galgoczi  ETUI  
Mr. Luigi Sedran  Confederazione Italiana des Sindacati Lavoratori  
Ms. Azahara Merino Martos  CCOO  
Ms. Natalia Arias Pérez  SYNDEX  
 
Ms. Carmen Aída Sánchez Rodríguez  CCOO  
Mr. Ambros Arias Rodríguez  UGT  
Mr. Jesus Ordoñez Gamez  UGT  
Ms. Monica Calonge Viadero  UGT  
Ms. Maria Jose Diez Capdepon  UGT  
Mr. Rafael Fernández Cañas  UGT  
Ms. Cristina Antoñanzas Peñalva  UGT  
Mr. Joaquin Perez Da Silva  USO  
Mr. Unai Sordo Calvo  CCOO  
Mr. Arie de Graaf  FNV  
Mr. Ramiro Ulises Vega Díaz  UGT  
Mr. Jesus Gallego García  UGT  
Ms. Manuela Mendonça  Education International  
Mr. Jaime Cedrúm López  CCOO  
International Union of Architects 
Ms. Lone Natalie Mossin  UIA Observer  
Mr. Lluis Xavier Comeron Graupera  CSCAE President  
Ms. Sofie Stilling  Researcher  
International Union of Forest Research Organizations 
Mr. Michael Kleine  Deputy Executive Director  
Ms. Janice Burns  Thematic Networking Manager  
International Union of Railways 
Mr. François Davenne  Director General  Direction  
Ms. Marie Luz Philippe  Senior Advisor  Sustainable Development  
Mr. Francisco Jose Cardoso dos Reis  Chairman  Regional Assembly Europe  
International Work Group for Indigenous Affairs 
Ms. Kathrin Wessendorf  Acting Director  
Mr. Stefan Thorsell  Climate Advisor  
Ms. Nailejileji Asia Tipap  
Ms. Ilse Maria Renkens  Program Assistant  
Ms. Johanne Oline Storgård Brok  
International Youth and Student Movement for the United Nations 
Ms. Hu Jingwei  China Youth Climate Action Network  
Ms. Ibonga Jeanne Ruth Curie  ISMUN Congo  
Mr. Jimmy Fenelon  Caribbean Youth Environment Network in Barbados  
Ms. Keelin Bell Kelly  
Mr. Jan Lönn  Secretary-General  
Ms. Aila Marinho Gomes  State University of Santa Cruz-UESC  ARINT  
Ms. Shelby Carol Mc Clelland  Colorado State University   
International Youth and Student Movement for the United Nations (continued) 
Ms. Clara Emilia Mosso  
Ms. Carolina Uribe Muñoz  Columbia University  
Mr. Malonga Anicet Stanislas  
Mr. Miguel van der Velden  Caribbean Youth Environment Network  
Ms. Pamela Jordan Wildstein  
International-Lawyers.Org 
Mr. Curtis Francis Doebbler  
Ms. Flavia Bustreo  
Ms. Elena Evangelidis  
Ms. Anna Giulia Ponchia  
Inuit Circumpolar Conference 
Mr. Benjamin Maxmillion Charles  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
Ms. Maeva Gauthier  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
Ms. Carmen Elizabeth Christina Jord Kuptana  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
Ms. Nathan Donald Patrick Edward Wi Kuptana  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
Ms. Eriel Jamie Lugt  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
Mr. Darryl James Edward Norman Opi Tedjuk  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
IPIECA Limited (IPIECA) 
Mr. James Arthur Herbertson  Technical Director  Climate and Energy  
Ms. Lorena Perez-Bajo  Manager, Climate and Energy  
Mr. Arthur Lee  Chevron Fellow and Senior HES Advisor  Climate Change  
Ms. Viviana Canhao Bernandes Goncalves Coelho  
Mr. Scott Crabtree  Climate Change Performance Manager  Oil Search Limited  
Mr. Jack McCusker  
Mr. Brian Sullivan  Executive Director  
Islamic Relief Worldwide  
Mr. James Williams  Senior Policy Advisor  
Mr. Richard McLaverty  Global Advocacy Advisor  
Mr. Jilani Jonaid  Press & PR Manager  Communications  Islamic Relief UK  
Ms. Simona Sikimic  Head of Media  External Relations and Advocacy  
Islands First, Inc. 
Ms. Natalie Cavellier  
Ms. Bethany Blakeman  
Ms. Gabriela Falla  
Ms. Angela Fernandez  
Mr. Romney Manassa  
Ms. Maria Ramirez Rodriguez  
Israel Union for Environmental Defense 
Ms. Tamar Gannot-Rosenstreich  Director of Policy and Strategy  IUED - Adam Teva V’Din  
Ms. Yael Cohen Paran  
Italian Climate Network 
Ms. Marirosa Iannelli  President  Water Grabbing Observatory  
Ms. Rachele Rizzo  Contact Point  
Ms. Asier Ansorena Porras  
Mr. Jacopo Bencini  
Mr. Francesco Pietro Campo  
Ms. Francesca Casale  
Ms. Marta Iacopetti  
Mr. Paolo Lauriola  Federazione Nazionale degli Ordini dei Medici Chirurghi e degli Odontoiatri  
Ms. Ana Nieves Hernández  
Ms. Federica Pastore  
Ms. Anna Laura Rassu  
Ms. Chiara Soletti  Coordinator  Women, Rights and Climate  
M. Pashby Thomas James  EIT - Climate KIC  
Ithaca College 
Ms. Abigail Haley  
Ms. Puyr Dos Santos Tembe  
Ms. Casey Alexandra Horinek  
Ms. Heather June Horsefall Milton  
Ms. Pranietha Mohan Mudliar  
Ms. Simone Margaret Senogles   
iuventum e.V. 
Mr. Henning Stöcks  Chairman  
Mr. Bouchta Moussaif  
Mr. Hisashi Saito  
Mr. Joan Alexander Olivella Martínez  
Mr. Arthur Badina Mària  
Ms. Josefina Paz Mella Valdés  
Janvikas 
Mr. Mahesh kumar Pandya  Director  ParyavaranMitra  
Japan Atomic Industrial Forum, Inc. 
Mr. Daniel Yi-Chiang Liu  Assistant Manager  Dept. of International Affairs  
Ms. Aurora Fernández García  Department of Communication  Spanish Nuclear Forum  
Mr. Héctor Dominguis  
Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association Inc. 
Mr. Noboru Oba  General Manager  Global Technical Affairs Department  
Mr. Yusuke Kasori  Assitant Manager  Research & External Affairs Group, Environmental Affairs Div., Advanced R&D and Engineering Company  Toyota Motor Corporation  
Mr. Shingo Kawaguchi  Environment Department  
Japan Center for a Sustainable Environment and Society 
Mr. Jiro Adachi  Executive Director  
Ms. Mikako Moriyama  
Japan Economic Research Institute 
Ms. Mari Yoshitaka  Chief Environmental & Social Strategist  Environmental Strategy Advisory Division  Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Hiroko Hashimoto  Senior Consultant, Overseas Research Department  International Division  
Ms. Youko Moroizumi  Consultant, Overseas Research Department  International Division  
Japan Environmental Council 
Ms. Yukari Takamura  Professor, The University of Tokyo  Institute for Future Initiatives  
Japan Federation of Bar Associations 
Mr. Juta Wada  
Ms. Mari Nakajima  General Member  Associations  
Japan International Forestry Promotion and Cooperation Center 
Mr. Shinsuke Yazaki  Steel, Materials and Plant Division  
Japan Iron and Steel Federation 
Mr. Masanobu Nakamizu  Technology, Environment & Energy Division  
Mr. Kazumasa Sogo  Staff General Manager  Technology Planning Dept  JFE Steel Corporation  
Jeunes Volontaires pour l’Environnement 
Mr. Lovans Owusu-Takyi  Director  Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency  Institute for Sustainable Energy and Environmental Solutions (ISEES)  
Ms. Paule Kadja  Journaliste  Environnement  abenatv.com  
Mr. Mohamed Ahmed  Director and head of Government Relations  
Ms. Elena Cabezas Alcala  Federacion de Scouts-Exploradores de España  
Ms. Egger Roa Alejandra  
Ms. Eleanore Henderson  
Ms. Amandine Noelle Kouawa  Animatrice/Formatrice  Alternatives Durables pour le Développement  
M. Bijay Kumar  Executive Director  The Global Network of Civil Society Organisations for Disaster Reduction  
Mr. Julio R. Meneghini  Professor   
Jeunesse Étudiante Catholique Internationale 
Mr. Mohammed El Bouhdidi  President  Association Citoyens Universels-Maroc  
Ms. Yostina Boules Guirguis  Head of Product  Taqa Solutions  
Sra. Maitane Campos Sainz  National Treasurer JEC Spain  
Mr. Carlos Diaz de Mayorga Ramos  
Mr. Eduardo Martin Ruano  National President  
Sr. Jorge Eduardo Parra Herrera  Secretario Latinoamericano  
Mr. Guillermo Passeggi  
Sra. Paula Yelamo Pinto  
Jubilee South Asia Pacific Movement, Inc. 
Ms. Lydinyda Bunyi Nacpil  
Ms. Mary Claire Miranda  
Mr. Muhammad Reza  
Ms. Claudette Josephine Arboleda  
Kadikoyu Friends of Science, Culture and Art Association 
Mr. Onur Kahraman  
Mr. Ali Korsan  
Mr. Omer Olmez  
Ms. Canan Acar  
Kansai Economic Federation 
Ms. Megumu Tsuda  
Karnali Integrated Rural Development and Research Centre 
Mr. Gobinda Bahadur Shahi  Director- Organization Head  Management  
Mr. Kul Prasad Chapagain  Treasurer  AFFON  
Mr. Abhishek Shrestha  Thematic Leader- DRR and Climate Change Adaptation  Climate Change  
Mr. Pitamber Sigdel  Communication and Media Coordinator  Visit Nepal 2020 Secretariat 
Keidanren 
Mr. Tsutomu Sugimori  Representative Director, President  
Mr. Hiroyuki Iwakami  Senior Vice President, Regional CEO for EMEA  Corporate Planning Dept.  JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation  
Mr. Takahiro Kikuchi  Head of Policy Coordination Office  Corporate Planning Dept.  JXTG Holdings, Inc  
Mr. Atsushi Tajima  General Manager  Secretariat  JXTG Holdings, Inc  
Mr. Hitoshi Donomae  General Manager, Head of Department  Global Environmental Affairs Dpt., Environmental Div.  Nippon Steel Corporation  
Mr. Taku Kikuchi  General Manager  Nippon Steel Corporation Europe GmbH  
Mr. Akio Migita  Executive Vice President  Nippon Steel Corporation  
Mr. Akinori Okumura  President  Nippon Steel Corporation Europe GmbH  
Mr. Hideo Suzuki  Managing Executive Officer  Nippon Steel Corporation  
Mr. Takashi Furukawa  Deputy General Manager  Responsible Care Dept.  Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Kazunori Takahashi  Deputy General Manager  Sustainability Promotion Division  Hitachi, Ltd.  
Mr. Masanari Meguro  Director General  Environmental Department  Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association Inc.  
Mr. Ignacio Maria Garcia-Conde Noriega  Chief Executive Officer  Rioglass Solar, S.A.U.  
Mr. Shuzo Katsumoto  Senior Manager  SDGs Division, Corporate Planning General Division  AGC Inc.  
Mr. Masaaki Okabe  Professional  SDGs division, Corporate Planning General Division  AGC Inc.  
Ms. Virginia Otaduy Arriaga  Rioglass Solar, S.A.U.  
Mr. Takeo Takei  General Manager  SDGs Division, Corporate Planning General Division  AGC Inc.  
Mr. Tsuyoshi Kato  President  PT Wana Subur Lestari  
Mr. Masao Koyama  Manager  Low Carbon Task Force, Mineral Resources Group  Mitsubishi Corporation   
Keidanren (continued) 
Mr. Riki Mochida  Corporate Sustainability&CSR Dept.  Mitsubishi Corporation  
Mr. Akio Nio  General Manager  Environment Business, R&D Dept.  Mitsubishi Corporation  
Ms. Keiko Usami  Deputy General Manager, Head of Hydrogen & Environment Business Team  Environment Business, R&D Dept.  Mitsubishi Corporation  
Mr. Takahiro Ono  Assistant Manager  Environment & Energy Policy Bureau  
Ms. Ilaria Capitanio  Business Intelligence Department  Sumitomo Corporation Europe  
Mr. Toshiyuki Matsuura  Corporate Planning Department  Sumitomo Corporation Europe  
Keio University 
Ms. Shiina Tsuyuki  Faculty of Environmental and Information Studies  
Kejibaus Youth Development Initiative 
Mr. Aderemi Austino Adetoro  President  
Mr. Victor Olumide Folorunso  
Mr. Adedayo Samson Adetoro  
Mr. Ayodele Patrick Oluyi  
Mr. Solomon Ukorigho Isaac  
Mr. Shola Bright Gbeseyi  
Mr. Olatunde Gabriel Ogboja  
Mr. Olaonipekun Thomas Ajibola  
Mr. Oladapo Tibetan  
Mr. Oluwatosin Olajide Fadeyi  
Mr. Kehinde TItus Adebisi  
Mr. Busayo Clement Gbadebo  
Ms. Taiwo Elizabeth Abiodun  
Mr. Gbenga Oluseyi Gbeseyi  
Keren Kayemet LeIsrael/The Jewish National Fund 
Mr. Alon Israel Tal  Professor 
KfW 
Ms. Barbara Schnell  Head of Department  Sector Policy  
Mr. Johannes Scholl  Head of Division  Energy and Finance Sector Latin America  
Mr. Josef Haider  Sector Economist  Competence Center Energy and Climate  
Mr. Matthias Börner  Sector Economist  Competence Center for Climate and Energy  
Mr. David Denzer-Speck  Head of Division  Federal and European Affairs  
Mr. Sven Wabbels  Head of Division  Corporate Strategy and Sustainability  
Ms. Ulrike Dangelmaier  Senior Policy Advisor  Corporate Strategy and Sustainability  
Mr. Klaus Koehnlein  Senior Project Manager  Latin America and Caribbean  
Ms. Carolin Stetter  Sector Economist  Sector Policy Division  
Khazer Ecological and Cultural NGO 
Ms. Amalia Hambartsumyan  President  
Ms. Oleksandra Khmarna  
Mr. Kostiantyn Krynytskyi  
Mr. Timothy Terence Alexander Nutter  Bureau of Environmental Information  
Kiko Network 
Ms. Mie Asaoka  President  
Ms. Kimiko Hirata  Director  Tokyo Office  
Ms. Hanna Song  
Ms. Yumi Sato  Media Officer  
Ms. Nao Tase  
Mr. Yuhei Tsukamoto  Kiko Network, Kyoto Office  
Ms. Sena Fujinawa  
Mr. Takuto Kaku  
Mr. Kazuki Koide  
Ms. Keiko Ota  
Mr. Takumi Hirasawa  
Mr. Takato Kameyama  
Ms. Stefania Mongio  
KinderEnergy INC. 
Ms. Elisabeth Anne Delgado Hoiler  Organization Head  Management & Develpment  
Ms. Maria Luisa Bayo  Co Founder  Global Health  
Mr. Tulio Dias de Assis  Portuguese Youth Representative  
Ms. Pia Serra  Youth UN Earth Advocate   
King Abdullah Petroleum Studies and Research Center   
Mr. Eric Williams  Program Director  Climate Change and Environment Program  King Abdullah Petroleum Studies and Research Center  
Mr. Adam Sieminski  President  
Ms. Noura Mansouri  Senior Research Associate  Energy Transitions  
Mr. Nicholas Howarth  Research Fellow  Climate Change Program  
Ms. Elizabeth Carey  Research Associate  Climate Change Program  
Mr. Anwar Gasim  Climate Change Program  
Ms. Aisha Al-Sarihi  Research Associate  Climate Change Program  
King’s College, School of Law 
Ms. Laura Anna Mai  
Mr. Simon Chin-Yee  European Centre for Energy and Resource Security  
Konrad-Adenauer-Foundation 
Mr. Louis Pascal Mourier  
Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry 
Mr. Ho Tae Lee  
Ms. Chae Rin Song  Power Distribution Operations Team/Branch of Bucheon  Korea Electric Power Corporation  
Ms. Young A Lim  Manager  Global New Business Dept.  
Korea Electric Power Corporation  
Ms. Ahra Cho  Manager  Global New Business Dept.  Korea Electric Power Corporation  
Ms. Yunhyeon Kim  Associate  Climate Change Action Dept.  Korea Electric Power Corporation  
Mr. O Chul Kwon  Executive Vice President  Engineering Group  Korea East-West Power Generation Co. Ltd.  
Mr. Jung Ho Ahn  Senior Manager  Climate Change Countermeasure Department  Korea East-West Power Generation Co. Ltd.  
Mr. Seunghyun Jo  Researcher  Climate Change Research Center  Sejong University  
Mr. Changwook Park  
Mr. Suyoung Lee  
Mr. Young Ho Ha  
Mr. Hyun Sung Youn  
Mr. Woojin Song  
Mr. Kiyoung Kim  
Mr. Inhwan Chae  
Mr. Young Dae Choi  
Mr. Byoung Hee Cho  
Mr. Hyeonchul Jeon  
Mr. Dongsun Ko  
Mr. Ki Hoon Kim  
Mr. Mincheol Hong  
Mr. Jongho Lee  
Mr. Jae Hong Ju  
Mr. Sangwook Park  
Mr. Kyongil Ohm  
Mr. Wonseo Park  
Mr. Hyunjin Ko  
Mr. Young Su Kim  
Mr. Young Bok Lee  
Ms. Hyun Eui Jin  
Korea Institute of Civil Engineering and Building Technology  
Ms. Youngsun Kim  Research Specialist  Land, Water and Environment Research  
Korean Business Council for Sustainable Development 
Mr. Hyun Jong Hong  Secretary General  
Mr. Sang Hyup Kim  Professor  Graduate School of Green Growth  Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST)  
Mr. Kihyeon Ko  
Mr. Dong Hyun Park  
Mr. Sang Yeol Park  
Mr. Eui Chan Jeon  
Mr. Xuezhe Li  
Ms. Jeonghyun Bak  Manager  Korea Emissions Market Association  
Krasnoyarsk Regional Public Ecological Movement "Friends of the Siberian Forests" 
Ms. Coraina De La Plaza Esteban  
Mr. Souparna Lahiri  Climate Policy Advisor  Global Forest Coalition  
Ms. Olga Senova  Researcher  Global Forest Coalition   
Kyoto Club 
Mr. Francesco Ferrante  Vicepresident  
Ms. Elena Paba  RAI - Italian Radio Corporation  
Kyoto University, Institute of Economic Research 
Mr. Haruo Imai  Professor  Institute of Economic Research (KIER)  Kyoto University  
Mr. Jiro Akita  Professor  Graduate School of Economics  Tohoku University  
Mr. Katsuhiko Yonezaki  Assistant Professor  Department of Regional Development  
Mr. Joseph Patrice Marc Dellatte  PhD student  Graduate School of Economics  Kyoto University  
LAYA 
Ms. Harpreet Paul  Warwick University  
Mr. Tek Jung Mahat  
Ms. Vidya Soundar Rajan  
Leaders Club  
Mr. Younes Karrouk El Maroufi  President  Headquarter  
Mr. Mohammed zakaryae Rahhali  Project manager  Headquarter  
Ms. Hajar Khamlichi  Vice President  
Mr. Dheaya Salameh Alrousan  Middle East  
Leadership for Environment and Development International 
Ms. Gabriela Julieta Gonzalez Merla Laguna  
Ms. Elizabeth Hartigan  
Mr. Matias Linder  
League of Women Voters of the United States 
Ms. Carole Straughn  
Legal Response Initiative 
Mr. Christoph Schwarte  Executive Director  Legal Response Initiative  
Ms. Hillary Weiner Aidun  
Ms. Leslie-Anne Duvic  Liaison Officer  Legal Response International  
Ms. Pascale Evelyn Geneviève Lenotte  Coordinator  Legal Response Initiative  
Mr. David Rossati  
Ms. Olivia Tattarletti  
Legambiente - League of Environment 
Mr. Maurantonio Albrizio  European Affairs Director  
Mr. Edoardo Zanchini  
Libélula Instituto para el Cambio Global 
Ms. Aida Figari Bello  
Mr. Sven Oliver Braden  
Mr. Max Heiko Horstink  
Libyan Wildlife Trust 
Mr. Walid Ibrahim Ali Matouk  General Association  
Mr. Hatim Altahir Ali Abu Naejah  Board Member  
Mr. Rashed Bashir Elhadi Almabrok  South Libya Coordinator  General Committee  
Mr. Asel Omar A Amer  Board Member  
Life and Environment 
Ms. Dana Efrati Philip  
Mr. Michael Raphael  
Ms. Dorit Adler  
Mr. Tsur Ezra Mishal  
Ms. Ya’ara Peretz  Green Course  
LIFE e.V. 
Ms. Nanna Birk  Program Manager  Environmental Education & Climate Policy  
Ms. Patricia Bohland  Gender & Climate Policy Officer  Environmental Education & Climate Policy  
Ms. Lea Scheffler  Project Coordinator  Environmental Education and Climate Policy  
Ms. Taily de Faria Marcos Terena  Anthropologist  CONAMI  
Ms. Lilian Looloitai  Executive Director  
Ms. Yolène Koteureu  Professor  
Mr. Nick Heubeck  Fridays for Future  
Ms. Tamanirarama Seruiraduvatu  Secretary Executive  Fiji Youth SRHR Alliance  
Ms. Antonia Zambra Álvarez   
LINGO e.V. 
Ms. Noelie Marie Audi  
Ms. Naomi Kreitman  
Ms. Jennifer Unelius  
Ms. Delia Renée Laurent  
Mr. Amalen Sathananthar  
Lombardy Foundation for the Environment / Fondazione Lombardia per l’Ambiente 
Mr. Fabrizio Marco Piccarolo  Director  
Mr. Domenico Gaudioso  Expert  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Ms. Mita Laura Lapi  Unit Responsible  Air Quality and Climate Change  
Mr. Pierluigi Malavasi  Scientific Comittee  
Mr. Marco Pregnolato  
Mr. Domenico Vito  Environmental Sustainability Working Group  Alliance of European Voluntary Service Organisations  
London School of Economics and Political Science 
Ms. Alina Averchenkova  Distinguished Policy Fellow  Grantham Institute  
Mr. Peter Betts  
Mr. Emilio Lamo de Espinos  President  Real Instituto Elcano   
Mr. David Justin Lewis  
Mr. Jose Lopez-Tafall Bascuñana  
Ms. Emily Paige Menz  
Ms. Michal Nachmany  
Ms. Joana Setzer  
Lund University 
Mr. Stefan Lechtenböhmer  Director, Prof. Dr.  Future Energy and Mobility Structures  Wuppertal Institute for Climate, Environment and Energy  
Ms. Joanna Cornelius  Doctoral candidate  Faculty of Law  
Ms. Emmy Paulin Iwarsson  Dept of Human Geography, Human Ecology Division  
Ms. Julia Rodgers Lober  School of Arts & Sciences, Earth and Ocean Sciences  Trustees of Tufts College  
Mr. Rodrigue Emilien Friaud  Department of Biology  Ecole Normale Supérieure  
Lutheran World Federation 
Ms. Sunemia Pranita Biswasi  Program Executive for Youth  DTMJ  
Ms. Elena Carmen Cedillo Vargas  Program Executive on Climate Justice  DTMJ  
Mr. Nestor Paulo Friedrich  LWF Vice President  
Ms. Erika Elizabeth Rodning  
Mr. Khulekani Sizwe Magwaza  LWF Council member  
Ms. Maria Fernanda Zuniga Keim  
Margaret Pyke Trust, with the Population & Sustainability Network 
Ms. Jane Adhiambo Nyanjom  Project Coordinator  SRHR, Environmental Sustainability and Climate Change  Family Health Options Kenya  
Mr. Callist Raymond Ruyoka  Advocacy Officer  Reproductive Health Uganda  
Marmara University 
Ms. Semra Cerit Mazlum  Professor  Political Science and International Relations  
Mr. Ibrahim Mazlum  Assistant Professor  Political Science & International Relations  
Maryknoll Fathers and Brothers 
Mr. John Tivnan Brinkman  Asian Coordinator  Commission on Ecology and Religion  
Maryknoll Sisters of Saint Dominic Inc. 
Ms. Chloe Catherine Noel  Program Manager  Office for Global Concerns  
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
Ms. Maria Zuber  Vice President for Research  
Ms. Avital Baral  
Mr. Horacio Javier Caperan  
Mr. John Fernandez  
Ms. Jessica Gordon  Urban Studies and Planning  
Ms. Suzanne Greene  
Mr. Jarrod Hayes  
Ms. Erin Hoffer  
Ms. Christine Marie Kirby  Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Janelle Knox  
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (continued) 
Sr. Chema Amo Martínez  Desafío Hipatia  
Ms. Sarah Meyers  
Mr. Harvey Michaels  
Mr. Anthony Fratto Oyler  Energy and Environmental Economics  
Mr. Sergey Paltsev  Deputy Director  MIT Joint Program on Science & Policy of Global Change  
Ms. Yiyuan Qin  
Mr. Bruno Verdini  Urban Studies  
Max Planck Society for the Advancement of Science e.V. 
Mr. Thomas Sparks  Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law  
Ms. Guinevere Kauffmann  Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics  
Ms. Christine Toman  Max Planck Institute for Comparative and Private International Law  
Ms. Sophie Lohmann  Max-Planck-Institute for Demographic Research  
McGill University 
Mr. Sébastien Jodoin  Assistant Professor  Faculty of Law  
Mediators Beyond Borders International 
Ms. Suzanna Norbeck  
Mr. Joseph Siegel  Professor  
Mr. Zachary Pinard  Environmental Sciences  Oregon State University  
Ms. Charalee Graydon  Consultant and Researcher  
Ms. Siyi Shen  Researcher  
Ms. Grace Doleshel  
Ms. Anna Fransson  Researcher  International Relations  Freie Universität Berlin  
Mediterranean Protected Areas Network 
Ms. Purificacio Canals  President  Mediterranean Protected Areas Network - MEDPAN  
Mr. Joaquim Garrabou  Institut de Ciències del Mar  Spanish Research Council  
Mercy Corps  
Ms. Ann Vaughan  
Ms. Aparna Shrivastava  Climate Finance Lead  
Ms. Adrianna Hardaway  Project and Influence Officer  Zurich Flood Resilience Alliance  
Ms. Sally Tyldesley  Senior Policy Officer  Resilience and Humanitarian  Concern International  
Mercy International Association 
Ms. Colleen Swain  Leadership Development and Advocacy Associate  Mercy Global Action  
Ms. Maureen Cloonan  
Meridian Institute 
Mr. John Ehrmann  Senior Partner  
Ms. Fabiola Marono Zerbini  
Mr. Rob Venderbos  Organizer  Sustaining All Life  Reevaluation Foundation  
Mr. Elvin Landeaus Csizmadia  Organizer  Sustaining All Life  Reevaluation Foundation  
Met Office Hadley Center 
Mr. Jason Lowe  Head of Climate Services for Government  
Ms. Ailsa Barrow  Senior Stakeholder Relationship Manager  
Ms. Helen Bye  Head of International Development  
Mr. Richard Jones  Science Fellow  
Ms. Katrina Macneill  Climate Science Communicator  Knowledge Integration  
Ms. Nicola Rayner  Head of Climate Monitoring  
Mr. Andrew Wiltshire  Terrestrial Carbon Cycle Research Manager  
Mr. Alexander Deakin  Senior Presenter  Content (Media)  
Ms. Helen Findlay  Biological Oceanographer  Plymouth Marine Laboratory  
Mr. Darren Ghent  Senior Research Scientist  National Centre for Earth Observation  University of Leicester  
Ms. Isabel Lawrence  University College London  
Ms. Marisa Montoya  Department of Earth Physics & Astrophysics  Universidad Complutense de Madrid   
Met Office Hadley Center (continued) 
Ms. Sarah Altemus Cullen  Researcher  School of Geography and the Environment  University of Oxford  
Mr. Christopher Davidson  Climate Communications Consultant  Spake Media  
Ms. Ambika Natarajan  Emory University  
Michael Succow Foundation for the Protection of Nature 
Mr. Jan Peters  Peatlands and Climate Change  
Mr. Yannick Beaudoin  
Mr. Johannes Joosten  
Ms. Dianna Kopansky  
Michigan Technological University   
Ms. Sarah Green  Professor  Michigan Technological University  
Ms. Alexis Pascaris  Michigan Technological University  
Mr. Adewale Adesanya  Michigan Technological University  
Mr. Shardul Tiwari  Michigan Technological University  
Mr. Bruce Woodry  Michigan Technological University  
Ms. Jessica Daignault  Michigan Technological University  
Mr. Kenneth Larsen  Michigan Technological University  
Mr. William Lytle  Michigan Technological University  
Ms. Katherine Christopher  Clark University  
Midwest Research Institute/National Renewable Energy Laboratory 
Mr. Ron Benioff  
MISEREOR, German Catholic Bishops’ Organisation for Development Cooperation 
Ms. Anika Schroeder  Policy Adviser Climate Change and Justice  Policy and Global Challenges  
Ms. Clara-Luisa Weichelt  Desk Officer Urban Development  Policy and Global Challenges  
Mr. Pedro Sergio Vieira Martins  
H.E. Mr. Hector Miguel Cabrejos Vidarte  
Mom Loves Taiwan Association 
Ms. Shun-mei Yang  Secretary-General  Secretariat  Mom Loves Taiwan Association  
Ms. Mélody Braun  
Mr. En-Kuang Chen  Researcher  The Secretariat  Mom Loves Taiwan Association  
Mr. Gonzalo Fanjul Suarez  Barcelona Institute for Global Health  
Mr. John Furlow  
Sra. Carmen Gonzalez Romero  
Ms. Kuang-jung Hsu  Director  Secretariat  
Ms. Cristina O’Callaghan Gordo  
Ms. Oriana Maria Ramirez Rubio  
Monash University 
Ms. Susie Siew Yuen Ho  Deputy Associate Dean (Education)  School of Biological Sciences, Faculty of Science  
Ms. Diane Kraal  Senior Lecturer  Business Law and Taxation  
Ms. Georgia Cox  Researcher, Science  
Mr. Roger Dargaville  Senior Lecturer  Civil Engineering, Faculty of Engineering  
Mr. Dickson Tik Sang Ho  Student, Master of Environment and Sustainability  Faculty of Science  
Mr. Jonathan Matheny  Director, Leadership and Executive Education  Monash Business School  
Mr. Gerald Nagtzaam  Associate Professor, Law  
Mr. Rahul Ramesh  Monash Climate Justice Clinic  
Ms. Morgan Rossiter  
Ms. Remy Shergill  Project Manager  Media, Film and Journalism  
Ms. Djuke Veldhuis  Director BSc Advanced - Global Challenges degree  Faculty of Science  
Moravian College 
Ms. Diane Husic  
Ms. Hilde Binford  Associate Professor  
Ms. Estefania Angel Villanueva  
Ms. Susana Borràs Pentinat  
Ms. Sarabeth Brockley  
Ms. Terry Rene Wiesner Brown   
Moravian College (continued) 
Ms. Frances Burton  
Mr. Charles Doktycz  
Ms. Marcela Fernández Barreneche  
Ms. Hannah Hook  
Mr. Carter Humola  
Mr. Taehwan Kim  
Ms. Tashiana Osborne  
Mountain and Glacier Protection Organization 
Ms. Aisha Khan  Chief Executive Officer  Management  
Mr. Nadeem Ahmed  Chief Executive Officer  Management  National Disaster Risk Management Fund  
Mr. Muhammad Fawad Hayat  Deputy General Manager  Project & Operations Group  National Disaster Risk Management Fund  
Ms. Syeda Hadika Jamshaid  Research Associate  Climate Change  
Ms. Ana Fatima Pasha  Management Trainee  Operations  National Disaster Risk Management Fund  
Mouvement International A.T.D Quart Monde 
Mr. Herman Alfons E. Van Breen  Policy and Advocacy Officer  International Policy and Advocacy  Mouvement International A.T.D Quart Monde  
Ms. Maria Del Carmen Giusti Hundskopf  Mouvement International A.T.D Quart Monde  
Ms. Monica Jahangir  Main Representative to the United Nations  International Policy and Advocacy  Mouvement International A.T.D Quart Monde  
Ms. Elsa Dauchet de Calignon  Mouvement International A.T.D Quart Monde  
Movement Strategy Center 
Mr. Anthony Rogers-Wright  
Ms. Jamie Mikaela Anderson Curry  
Ms. Moneka De Oro  
Mr. George Estevez JR  
Ms. Cynthia Mellon  Climate Justice Alliance  
Ms. Vanessa Marie Ramos  
Mr. Carlos Torrealba  
Movimiento Ciudadano frente al Cambio Climático 
Sr. Fabian Campos  Member  
Sr. Juan Carlos Alarcón Reyes  Member  
Sr. Simon Schoening  Member  
Munich Climate Insurance Initiative 
Mr. Christoph Bals  
Ms. Sara Jane Directo Ahmed  
Mr. Thomas Hirsch  Executive Director  Climate and Development Advice  
Ms. Christiane Alexandra Köngeter  
Ms. Lena Laux  
Ms. Beatriz López - Fanjul Diez del Corral  
Ms. Claudia Villalobos-Thyme  
Mr. Simon Rowlatt Young  Chief Executive Officer  Willis Tower Watson  
Munich Re Foundation 
Mr. Thomas R. Loster  Chairman  
Mr. Christian H. Barthelt  Senior Project Manager  
My Shelter Foundation, Inc. 
Mr. Illac Diaz  CEO  Liter of Light  My Shelter Foundation  
Ms. Ami Valdemoro  CFO  Liter of Light  My Shelter Foundation  
Mr. Servatius van Attekum  
Ms. Alisa Ansi Roxanna Afkhami  
Ms. Ying Li  
Ms. Xingyi Chen  
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People 
Ms. Jacqueline Cetline Patterson  Director  Environmental and Climate Justice Program  
National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation 
Ms. Sha Fu  
National Concentrating Solar Power Association 
Ms. Francesca Garofalo  Institutional Relations Specialist  Institutional Affairs  Turboden S.p.A.   
National Council for Climate Change, Sustainable Development and Public Leadership 
Mr. Kirit Shelat  Executive Chairman  
Mr. Susanta Kundu  Member  
Mr. Vishwanath Sadamate  Agril. Extension Specialist  
National Institute for Environmental Studies 
Ms. Shijuan Pang  Specialist, Satellite Observation Center  
Ms. Mimi Ishida  Deputy Director  Center for Climate Change Adaptation  
Mr. Yoshifumi Masago  Senior Researcher  Center for Climate Change Adaptation  
National Institute of Public Health and the Environment 
Mr. Michael Gerardus Jacobus den Elzen  Senior Climate Policy Analyst  
Mr. Olivier Bois von Kursk  Programme Associate  UNEP DTU Partnership  
National Research Council Nepal 
Mr. Umang Bhattarai  Yale University  Forestry & Environmental Studies  
Mr. Shrabya Timsina  Yale University School of Forestry and Environmental Studies  
National Rural Electric Cooperative Association 
Mr. Daniel Lee Chartier  Regulatory Director  Government Relations  
Ms. Janelle Lemen  Regulatory Director  Government Relations  
National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United States 
Mr. Daniel Perell  Representative to the U.N.  Bahá’í International Community  
Sra. Clarisa Echeverría  Institutional Relations Representative  Office of Public Affairs of the Spain Bahá’í Community  
Ms. Shady Nicolás Misaghi  Public Affairs Office Comunidad Bahá’í de España  
National University of Singapore 
Ms. Melissa Yu Xing Low  Energy Studies Institute  
Ms. Laura Asensio MartÃnez  
Mr. Eric Bea  Faculty of Law  
Mr. Alvin Chan  Environmental Change Institute  University of Oxford  
Mr. Emilio de Diego LÃ¡zaro  
Mr. Don Ferdinando  Yale-NUS College  
Mr. Rainer Hauser  
Ms. Angel Hsu  Environmental Studies  Yale-NUS College  
Ms. Cheryl Jue Lei Lee  
Ms. Wen Ting Ooi  
Ms. Sharon Li-Lian Seah  Associate Director  Centre for International Law  
Ms. Priscilla Wan Xian Tan  University of Oxford  
Ms. Ashleen Tan  Marine Environmental Resources Erasmus Mundus  
Mr. Luis Torres Michelena  
Mr. Amiel Ian Valdez  Centre for International Law  University of Hawai’i / National University of Singapore  
National Wildlife Federation 
Ms. Nathalie Walker  Director, Tropical Agriculture, Forests and Climate Project  
Mr. Francisco Beduschi Neto  
Mr. Max Broad  
Mr. David Burns  Manager, Tropical Forest and Agriculture Project  Climate and Energy  
Mr. William Alexander Charouhis  
Ms. Julie Lynn Rice Charouhis  
Mr. Simon Hall  
Ms. Julia Emilie Jeanty  
Sra. Maria Osmarina Marina da Silva Vaz de Lima  
Ms. Mariana Torres Fevereiro Empis  
National Youth Achievement Award Association 
Mr. Nga Kok James Soh  Executive Director  
Ms. Leng Lee Aileen Yap  Deputy Executive Director   
Native American Rights Fund 
Mr. Kim Jerome Gottschalk  Senior Staff Attorney  
Mr. Pierre Francis Augare  
Mr. Frank Ettawageshik  National Congress of American Indians, United Tribes of Michigan  
Natural Resources Defense Council 
Mr. Jacob Schmidt  Managing Director  International Program  
Ms. Han Chen  Manager, International Energy Policy  
Ms. Marcela Beatriz Graudins  
Mr. Brendan Guy  Manager, International Policy  International Program  
Ms. Amanda Maxwell  
Ms. Leanne Michele Naramore  
Mr. Douglass Sims  Director, Center for Market Innovation  
Ms. Jennifer Skene  
Mr. Anthony Swift  Attorney, International Program  
Mr. John Thompson  Senior Press Secretary  NRDC - Washington  
Nature and Biodiversity Conservation Union 
Mr. Sebastian Scholz  Head of Energy and Climate Policy  
Mr. Jan Göldner  
Ms. Katharina Ruffer  
Ms. Janine Wohlers  
Naturefriends International 
Mr. Tilo Podstatny-Scharf  
Ms. Sina Franz  
Mr. Jannis Gustke 
Near East Foundation 
Ms. Jennifer Ann Abdella  Senior Practice Area Lead  
Mr. Cedric Ralston Hesse  
Neighbour Organization Nepal 
Mr. Padam Hamal  Chairperson  
Mr. Sangam Adhikari  
Ms. Sanza Pareja Blanca  
Mr. Tek Narayan Maraseni  
Ms. Maria Del Pilar Pareja Mayo  
Mr. Madan Prasad Pariyar  Programme Development And M&E Director  International Development Enterprises  
Mr. Ram Prasad Paudel  Financial Controller  FECOFUN  
Mr. Deepak Kumar Singh  
Mr. Rajan Thapa  
Neongreen Network 
Ms. Angelika Rattay  
Ms. Renate Christ  
Mr. Georg Günsberg  
Nepal Federation of Indigenous Nationalities 
Mr. Tunga Bhadra Rai  National Coordinator  Climate Change  
Mr. Alex Levinson  
Mr. Hla Doi  
Mr. Michael Timothy Charles  
Ms. Melnikova Olga  
Network Peace Integration and Development 
Sra. Gladys Lorena Terrazas Arnez  Professional in International Affairs  Plurinational Authority of Mother Earth  
Ms. Andrea Claure Roca  
New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization 
Ms. Setsuko Nakamura  Director  International Affairs Depertment  
Mr. Koki Hanzawa  Chief Officer  Representative office in Europe  
Mr. Ryota Iwasaki  International Affiars Department  
Mr. Toru Kozawa  Chief Officer  International Affairs Department  
Mr. Masahiro Kuniya  Director  NEDO Europe Office  New Energy and Industrial Technology Development  
Mr. Nebojsa Nakicenovic  Executive Director  The World in 2050  
Mr. Yu Suzuki  Chief Officer  Global Environment Technology Promotion Division, International Affairs Department  
Mr. Nobutaka Takeo  Director General  Representative Office in Europe   
New Venture Fund 
Mr. Andrew Jones  Co-Director  Climate Interactive  
Ms. Jennifer Kenney Austin  Policy Director  We Mean Business Coalition  
Mr. Todd Jacob Edwards  Advisor, Research and Analytics  Mission 2020  
Ms. Helen Mary Fonua  Consultant  Climate Justice Resilience Fund  
Mr. Travis Franck  Program Director  Climate Interactive  
Ms. Hilary Megan Heath  Program Associate  Climate Justice Resilience Fund  
Mr. Andrew Higham  CEO, Mission 2020  Mission 2020  
Ms. Eleanor Johnston  Climate Interactive  
Mr. Robin Knight  Editor  We Mean Business Coalition  
Ms. Gillian Nelson  Policy Manager  We Mean Business Coalition  
Ms. Elizabeth Sawin  Co-Director  Climate Interactive  
Mr. Nigel Topping  CEO  We Mean Business Coalition  
New York University 
Mr. Nathaniel Keohane  Adjunct Professor of Law  School of Law  
Ms. Laura Olivia Anna Bullon  Doctoral Student  Department of Media, Culture, and Communication  
Mr. Alessandro Monti  Faculty of Law  University of Copenhagen  
Mr. Timothy Neff  Steinhardt School of Culture, Education and Human Development  
Ms. Elin Linnéa Maria Nordlander  Faculty of Law  University of Copenhagen  
Mr. George Thurston  Professor of Environmental Medicine  NYU School of Medicine  
NFD Centre for Environment Education 
Ms. Rixa Schwarz  
Ms. Rita Corrêa Brandão  
Ms. Sharon Njeri Mwangi  
Mr. Juan Párbole Montes  
Mr. Kartikeya Sarabhai  Director  Centre for Envrironment Education  
Ms. Tess Van Bommel  Advocacy Officer  Policy Influencing  CARE  
Ms. Virginia Yuste Abad  
NGO Center for Environmental Innovation 
Mr. Georgy Safonov  HSE university  
Mr. Andrey Stetsenko  President  
Mr. Andrei Bolotov  
Mr. Mikhail Reshetnikov  
Ms. Iuliia Safonova  
NGO Centre of Environmental Initiatives "Ecoaction"   
Mr. Nugzar Kokhreidze  Research-Intellectual Club “Dialogue of Generations”  
Ms. Komila Nabiyeva  
Ms. Allison Bender  Executive Director  
Mr. Arshak Makichian  Coordinator Fridays For Future Russia  Fridays For Future Russia  
Mr. Matias Ignacio Manriquez  COP25 Coordinator  Environment/Diplomacy  Embassy of Switzerland in Chile  
NGO Committee on the Status of Women, NY, Inc. 
Ms. Soon-Young Yoon  Past-Chair  
NGO Ukrainian Ecological Club "Green Wave"  
Mr. Mykola Shlapak  
Ms. Oleksandra Khalaim  
Nigerian Conservation Foundation 
Mr. Solomon Olatunji Adefolu  National Climate Change Coordinator  Technical Programmes Department  
Mr. Muhtari Aminu-Kano  Director General  Management and Governance  
Non-Timber Forest Products-Exchange Programme Incorporated 
Ms. Denise Margaret Matias  Volunteer Research Associate   
Nordic Folkecenter for Renewable Energy 
Mr. Daniele Pagani  Capacity Building Responsible  
Mr. Tonny Brink  CTO  
Ms. Irene Wendel Vester  
Mr. Jan Harry Frederiksen  
Ms. Leire Gorroño Albizu  Aalborg University  
Ms. Lise Nielson  
Ms. Jaqueline De Godoy  Aalborg University  
Northeastern University 
Ms. Shalanda Helen Baker  
Ms. Laura Bernstein Torres  
Ms. Cecelia Bolon  
Ms. Carlie Arena Clarcq  
Ms. Danica Cotov  
Ms. Noa Dalzell  
Ms. Stephanie Ann Demetry  
Ms. Margaret Dolan  
Ms. Ava Gallo  
Ms. Nicole Jacobs  
Mr. Keyon Rostamnezhad  Student Observer  Economics  
Ms. Mary Elizabeth Warner  
Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions 
Ms. Anne-Beth Skrede  Adviser  
Mr. Are Tomasgard  Confederal Secretary  
Mr. Gunnar Steinsholt  Adviser  Fagforbundet  
Ms. Barbro Auestad  National Secretary  Industry and Energy Union  
Mr. Sindre Kvil  Advisor  
Fellesforbundet, The Norwegian United Federation of Trade Unions  
Norwegian Forum for Environment and Development 
Ms. Ane Aurora Skjølberg Serreli  Spire  
Ms. Karoline Fauskanger Andersen  Spire  
Ms. Hilda Bævre Bergseth  KFUK KFUM Global  
Mr. Pablo Dourojeanni  Climate Advisor  Development Fund of Norway  
Mr. Truls Gulowsen  Senior Adviser  Rainforest Foundation Norway  
Mr. Anders Haug Larsen  Head of Policy Program  Rainforest Foundation Norway  
Mr. Dennis Jagestad  Oslo Buddhist Centre/Norwegian Interfaith Climate Network  
Ms. Ingrid Rosendorf Joys  General Secretary  Policy and Information  Council for Religious and Life Stance Communities  
Mr. Kristian Møller Krystad  YMCA of Norway  
Ms. Embla Regine Mathisen  President  Changemaker Norway  
Ms. Naja Amanda Lynge Møretrø  Board Member  Changemaker Norway  
Mr. Einar Tjelle  Deputy General Secretary  Church of Norway Council of Ecumenical and International Relations  
Mr. Svein Olav Tveitdal  Norwegian Grandparents Climate Campaign  
Norwegian Refugee Council 
Mr. Justin Ginnetti  Head of Department  IDMC  
Ms. Pui Man Kam  Scientific Assistant  ETH Zurich  
Ms. Mernosh Rafati  Senior Business Development Manager  Scarec Solatr  
Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature 
Mr. Aled Dilwyn Fisher  Friends of the Earth - Norway  
Ms. Julie Naess Karlsen  Young Friends of the Earth Norway  
Ms. Gina Gylver  Young Friends of the Earth Norway  
Ms. Tonje Justsen Saether  Adviser  Young Friends of the Earth Norway  
Ms. Mathilde Angeltveit  Young Friends of the Earth Norway  
Norwegian University of Life Sciences 
Mr. Tomohiro Harada  Research Fellow  International Environment and Development Studies, Noragric  
Ms. Meley Mekonen Rannestad  Researcher  Faculty of Environmental Sciences and Natural Resource Management  
Norwegian University of Science and Technology 
Mr. Edgar Hertwich  
Ms. Irina Rogozhina  
Mr. Hinne Vos   
Nuclear Information and Resource Service 
Mr. Günter Hermeyer  
Ms. Leona Morgan  
Nurses Across the Borders 
Mr. Peters Osawaru Omoragbon  Executive President/CEO  Administrative  
Mr. Ndukwe George Nwanchukwu  Research Director  Operations  
Ms. Oluwatoyin Blessing Salako  Youth Coordinator  Operations  
Mr. Osazee Jeff Imasuen  Director of Programs  Operations  
Observatoire méditerranéen de l’énergie 
Mr. Daniel Gomez Benusiglio  Naturgy  
Mr. Rafael Lopez Alarcon  Naturgy  
Ms. Olivia Saez Miguel  Naturgy  
Observatoire pour la Protection de l’Environnement et des Monuments Historiques de Tanger 
Mr. Rabiah EL Khamlichi  Président  
Ms. Lobna Bolifa  
Mr. Hassane Bouzeggar  
Ms. Intissar Bouzid  
Mr. Samir ET Temlali 
Mr. Said Harcha  
Mr. Hossain L’atik  
Mr. Dris Marsou 
Mr. Mohammed Salmoune  
Mr. AbdelMalek Saoud  
Mr. Mohamed Azddine Tika  
Oceana Inc. 
Ms. Pascale Moehrle  Vice President, Europe  
Mr. Ricardo Aguilar Rubio  Scientist  
Ms. Maria Natividad Sanchez Martin  Communications Manager  
Mr. Javier Lopez Santiago  Policy Manager  
Office International de la Viande 
Mr. Camillo De Camillis  Livestock Officer, AGAL  Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations  
Mr. Fritz Schneider  Chair, Global Agenda for Sustainable Livestock  
Ms. Fabiana Villa Alves  Brazilian Enterprise for Agricultural Research  
Oil Change International 
Ms. Elizabeth Bast  Managing Director  
Mr. Matthew Maiorana  Digital Director  
Mr. Nathan Lemphers  Senior Campaigner  
Mr. Collin Rees  Senior Campaigner  
Ms. Kelly Trout  Senior Research Analyst  
Ms. Kaiulu Walapiti  
Ms. Susanne Wong  Senior Campaigner  
One Sky - Canadian Institute of Sustainable Living 
Ms. Andrea Byfuglien  Youth Delegate  Multilateral Affairs Division, BCCIC Climate Change  British Columbia Council for International Cooperation  
Ms. Diana Carrillo Risi  Assistant Policy Analyst  Multilateral Affairs Division, BCCIC Climate Change  British Columbia Council for International Cooperation  
Ms. Sarah Jasmine Hyman  
Ms. Chloe Dun Mao  Policy Analyst, Data Analytics  Policy & Research Division, BCCIC Climate Change  British Columbia Council for International Cooperation  
Ms. Hailey May  Youth Delegate  Multilateral Affairs Division, BCCIC Climate Change  British Columbia Council for International Cooperation  
Mr. Calder Tsuyuki Tomlinson  School of Geography and the Environment  University of Oxford  
ONG Page Verte  
Mr. Adou Minickey Christopher S Adjiri  Animateur en Environnement  Sante et Environnement  
OpenTeam 
Ms. Joanne Schanté  Tresasurer  
Mr. Laurent Sokha Hin  President  
Mme Susan Ashley Tart  
Mr. Michael Heinz Raymond Karner   
Organic Consumers Association 
Ms. Precious Phiri  Director  Earthwisdom, Regeneration International  
Mr. Peter Dowson  Director  Digital Storytellers  
Mr. Oliver Samuel Gardiner  Media Consultant  Regeneration International   
Ms. Alana Lea  
Mr. Carlo Eugenio Voli  
Organisation des Laics Engages du Sacré Coeur pour le Developpement de Kimbondo 
Mr. Joel Boketshu Bokomo  Vice president  
Organisation pour le Respect de l’Environnement dans l’Entreprise 
Ms. Alice Audouin  Founding chair and President  Board  Art of Change 21   
Organization for Poverty Alleviation and Development 
Mr. Clyde Rivers Jr  Global Director of Honor and Civility Programs  
Oro Verde - Tropical Forest Foundation 
Ms. Anique Hillbrand  
Ms. Elke Mannigel  International Project Coordination  
OSC Proyecto Musas A.C.  
Mr. José Manuel Gil Valle  Circular Economy Consultant  
Ouranos 
Mr. Alain Bourque  Executive Director  
Mme Anne Debrabandere  Soutien direction générale  
Overseas Development Institute 
Ms. Rebecca Nadin  Panel Speaker At A-tems On On Adaptation Planning And Financing At Different Scales  
Mr. Neil MacLean Bird  Research Fellow - Climate Finance  Climate Change, Environment and Forests  
Ms. Mairi Kristina Dupar Gore  Technical Advisor and Managing Editor  Climate and Development Knowledge Network (CDKN)  
Ms. Katherine Claire Harris  Communications Manager  Humanitarian, Resilience and Gender  
Mr. Leo Roberts  Operations and Partnerships Manager  Climate and Energy Programme  
Mr. Mauricio Alejandro Vazquez Busnelli  Project and Operations Manager  Risk and Resilience  
Overseas Environmental Cooperation Center, Japan 
Mr. Yusuke Matsufuji  Deputy Manager  Project Development Department  
Mr. Kazuhiko Takemoto  President  
Ms. Naoko Mori  Research Associate  Project Development Department  
Ms. Wakana Nishida  Project Development Department  
Ms. Mika Amemiya  Project Development Department  
Ms. Termsiri Chongpoonphol  Director, Division for Air Pollution and Noise Control, Department of Environment  Bangkok Metropolitan Administration  
Mr. Akihisa Tabata  President & COO  IDEA Consultants, Inc.  
OXFAM International 
Ms. Tracy Carty  Climate Change Policy Advisor  Oxfam Great Britain  
Mr. Egbert Hermannes Zagema  Climate Change Policy Adviser  Oxfam - Novib  
Mr. Jale Samuwai Curuki  Climate Finance Adviser  
Ms. Nafkote Dabi  Climate Change Policy Lead (Interim)  GROW - Campaigns, Policy and Advocacy  
Ms. Gloria Isabel García Parra  LAC Regional Humanitarian and Resilience Coordinator  Oxfam Great Britain  
Ms. Kiri Hanks  
Ms. Kristen Ann Hite  
Mr. Jamie Livingston  Stop Climate Chaos Scotland  
Mr. S M Monjur Rashid  Policy, Advocacy, Campaign and Communications Manager  
Sr. Ismael Faiyz Sayyad Hernando  LAC Regional Climate Change Lead for COP25  Oxfam LAC  
Mr. Kai Tabacek  Press Officer  Media Unit   
Oxford Climate Policy 
Mr. Benito Müller  Managing Director  
Ms. Anju Sharma  
Mr. David Graham Robinson  
P3 Foundation 
Mr. Kaeden Watts  
Ms. Emily-Anne Muli  
Ms. Freya Schaumkel  
Ms. Nicole Hunt  
Mr. Nathan Rew  
PAIRVI Associates 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Jha  Director  
Mr. Soumya Dutta  
Mr. Shyam Sunder Ladrecha  
Pan African Climate Justice Alliance 
Mr. Joseph Mithika Mwenda  Executive Director  Policy and Programmes  
Ms. Fathiya Abdulmajid  Head Finance & Administration  Finance & Administration Departments  
Mr. Odipo Alfonse Okoth  Deputy National Coordinator  Climate Change Policy & Advocacy  African Youth Initiative on Climate Change  
Mr. Augustine Bantar Njamnshi  Regional Focal Point, South Africa  
Mr. Evans Kiplimo Lagat  Project Manager  BIO-NET  
Mr. Eugene Nforngwa Ndiboti  Communication Officer  
Mr. Charles Peter Mwangi Nyambura  Programme Lead  
Ms. Lynet Otieno Awuor  Communication & Information Sharing Officer  
Ms. Salina Jepkoech Cheserem Sanou  Head of Programmers  
ParisTech 
Mme Nadia Maïzi  
Mr. Devaux Fabrice, Jean, Bernard  
ParlAmericas 
Sra. Ana Belen Marin Aguirre  President Parliamentary Network on Climate Change  National Assembly of Ecuador  
Ms. Rosa Galvez  Vice-President North America Parliamentary Network on Climate Change  Senate of Canada  
Ms. Maria Boada  Program Officer  Climate Change and Sustainability  
Partenariat Français pour l’Eau 
Ms. Marie-Laure Vercambre  Director General  
Ms. Isabelle Censi  
Ms. Jennifer Fernando  Programme Officer  
Partnership for Observation of the Global Ocean 
Ms. Lilian Anne Krug  
Ms. Laura Ruffoni  Administrative Coordinator  
Ms. Meri Bilan  University of Salento  
Mr. Anthony Peter Worby  
Ms. Paula Cristina Sierra  
Parvati 
Ms. Erin Ryder  General Counsel  
Ms. Karen Ho  Director  
Peace Boat Disaster Relief Volunteer Center 
Ms. Jasna Bastic  
Ms. Emilie Pamela McGlone  
Mr. Remy Millot  
Mr. Ron Tardiff  
Pembina Institute for Appropriate Development 
Ms. Karen Wu  Managing Director  British Columbia Office  
Ms. Siku Allooloo  Assembly of First Nations  
Mr. Jaroslaw Malanowski  Inuit Circumpolar Council Canada  
Mr. Steven Brian Nitah  Negotiator, Advisor  Lutselk’e Dene First Nation Government, Indigenous Leadership  
Ms. Isabelle Turcotte  Director  Federal Policy  
Pennsylvania Environmental Resource Consortium 
Mr. Donald Brown  Scholar In Residence  Widener University  
Ms. Alexandra Charis van Hoek  Advisor  Peace and Security  German Organization for International Cooperaion  
Ms. Katy Gwiazdon  Director  Center for Environmental Ethics and Law   
People in Need  
Mr. Michal Nekvasil  Climate Change Adviser  Knowledge and Learning Department  
Peoples’ Forum 2001 GWRG 
Mr. Tomoaki Nishimura  
Mr. Tadashi Okimura  Hiroshima City University  
Perspectives Climate Research gGmbH 
Mr. Igor Shishlov  
Ms. Hanh Hong Thi Dang  
Mr. Tobias Hunzai  
Ms. Hanna Jenne  
Mr. Fabrice Lesache  Chairman  AERA Group  
Ms. Marjorie Ménard  
Ms. Lorena Moreno Maxinez  
Ms. Loan Hong Nguyen  
Mr. Mounir Temmam  General Manager  Climate Change  European Copper Institute  
Ms. Kaja Weldner  
Pew Charitable Trusts 
Ms. Elizabeth Griffin Wilson  
Mr. Simon Andrew Reddy  
Mr. Thomas Henry Alan Hickey  
Ms. Emily Katherine Owen  
M. Evgeny Aksenov  
Ms. Sophie Valerie Hulme  
Ms. Barbara Cvrkel  
Mr. Francisco Javier Eduardo Solis Germani  
Ms. Sarah Elizabeth Hunter  
Mr. Guido Grosse  
Mr. Alexander Armand Karsner  
Mr. Rodrigo Flandez Santos  
Ms. Maria Evgenievna Kalinina  
Plan International 
Ms. Jessica Cooke  Resilience and Climate Change Policy Officer  Disaster Risk Management  
Ms. Moira Simpson  DRR and Resilience Advisor  
Ms. Katherine Tracey Phillips  Senior Advisor – Policy & Advocacy  
Mr. Jose Nicolas Rodriguez Torres  
Mr. Pablo Ernesto Peña Meza  
Ms. Maria Concepción López García  
Mr. Benjamin Thiberge  
Ms. Julia Maaria Ojanen  
Ms. Patricia Ramos Gonzalez  
Ms. Lara Martínez Espinosa  
Planète Amazone 
Mr. Gert Bruch  President  
Sr. Mindahi Crescencio Bastida Munoz  
M. Lucas, Javier, Charles Taffin de Givenchy  Human Conet  
Plant for the Planet Foundation 
Mr. Chiagozie Chima Udeh  Plant-for-the-Planet  
Ms. Yugratna Srivastava  
Ms. Paulina Yenevith Sanchez Espinoza  
Mr. Louis Kaspar Abdel Motaal  
Ms. Randi Stine Sandmann  
Mr. Simone Mostratisi  
Ms. Luciana Raquel Verastegui Moncada  
Ms. Ena Peeva  
Ms. Rosa Castañeda Prado  
Ms. Lucía Garzón Yustas  Fundación Observa Ciudadania  
Ms. Hala Zeino  
Ms. Shreya KC  
Ms. Kisha Erah Muana  
Mr. Zekai Wang  
Ms. Iryna Yarmolenko  
Mr. Jordi Juanós Amperi  Director  Fundación Plant-for-the-Planet España  
Mr. Peter Abraham Loewi  Global Focal Point for SDG 8  UNMGCY  
Mr. Shantanu Mandal  Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University  
Mr. Rodrigo Cespedes Sotomayor  
Ms. Arabel Ali Mendoza  Founder Empoderamiento Climatico / Vicepresident Colima 2030  Empoderamiento Climatico / Colima 2030/ COY MX  
Mr. Leo Minino Holldack  
Mr. Diego Zamora Durán  
Plateforme Océan et Climat  
Ms. Loreley Picourt  Head of International Affairs  International Relations  Ocean and Climate Platform  
Ms. Anais Deprez  Head of Mobilisation and Outreach  Mobilisation  Ocean and Climate Platform  
Mr. Theophile Bongarts Lebbe  Project Officer  International Relations  Ocean and Climate Platform  
Plymouth Marine Laboratory 
Ms. Thecla Keizer  International Business Development Executive  
Ms. Carol Turley  Senior Scientist  
Ms. Melanie Austen  Head of Science - Sea and Society  
Ms. Ana Filipa De Moura Queirós Langley  Senior Benthic Ecologist  
Ms. Nina Bednarsek  The Southern California Coastal Water Research Project  
Point Blue Conservation Science 
Mr. Manuel J. Oliva  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Elizabeth Porzig  Director  Working Lands  
Mr. Geoffrey R. Gordon-Creed  Board Chair  Board of Directors  
Polish Ecological Club 
Ms. Zuzanna Borowska  Youth Climate Strike  
Ms. Malgorzata Czachowska  activist  Youth Climate Strike  
Mr. Igor Dabrowski  activist  Youth Climate Strike  
Ms. Agnieszka Gryz  Youth Climate Strike  
Pompeu Fabra University 
Mr. Pere Fullana Palmer  UNESCO Chair in Life Cycle and Climate Change (ESCI-UPF)  
Mr. Jaume Albertí Bueno  Researcher  UNESCO Chair in Life Cycle and Climate Change (ESCI-UPF)  
Sra. Ester Oliveras Sobrevias  Delegada del rector per a temes de sostenibilitat  Economia i empresa  
Mr. Humberto Llavador González  Professor  Economia i empresa  
Mr. Francesc Subirada  Director  Initiative for the Knowledge Citadel  
Ms. Lela Melon  Marie Curie Postdoctoral Researcher  Civil Law Department  
Mr. Ilija Sazdovski  Researcher  UNESCO Chair in Life Cycle and Climate Change  ESCI upf  
Sra. Llúcia Ribot Lacosta  Communications Officer  UNESCO Chair in Life Cycle and Climate Change  
Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research 
Mr. Johan Fredrik Rockström  Director  
Mr. Abel Chemura  
Ms. Annika Günther  
Ms. Marie Luise Kimbel  
Ms. Lisa Kristin Murken  
Ms. María del Rocío Rivas López  
Mr. Michiel Schaeffer  Science Director  Energy and Climate Change  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Ms. Kira Vinke  
Practical Action 
Mr. Colin Ian McQuistan  Head of Climate and Resilience  Policy and Practice  
Mr. Sunil Acharya  Regional Advisor - Climate and Resillience  DRR and Climate Change  
Mr. Robert Sakic Trogrlic  Climate and Resilience Officer  Policy and Practice  
Mr. Jacob Odhiambo  Climate And Resilience Program Lead  Climate And Resilience Program  
Mr. Christopher Henderson  Head of Agriculture  Influence and Impact  
Mr. David Hillman  Director of Climate Finance  Stamp Out Poverty  
Ms. Sara Theresa Stillwell  Climate officer  Stamp Out Poverty  
Prakriti Resources Centre 
Mr. Prabin Man Singh  Programme Director  
Mr. Pradeep Bhattarai  Programme Officer  Climate Change Programme  
Ms. Aruna Chandrasekhar  
Ms. Lorelei Sanchez Covero  
Ms. Deborah Susan Murphy  Consultant  
Mr. Hardik Pokhrel  Researcher  Climate Change  
Mr. Shankar Prasad Sharma  Senior Program Officer  Advocacy and Communications  
Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) 
Mr. William Jackson Jarman  Coordinator of Social Witness Ministries  Compassion, Peace & Justice  
Mr. Robert Andrew Fohr  Associate  Mission Responsibility Through Investment  
Ms. Sue Hae-Suk Rheem  Associate  Presbyterian Ministry at the United Nations   
Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) (continued) 
Ms. Christian Brooks  Representative for Domestic Issues  Office of Public Witness  
Mr. Melton Hayes Caraway  
Mr. Adrian Donald Shelley Jr  
PRI Association 
Ms. Sagarika Chatterjee  Director of Climate Change  
Mr. Edward Baker  Senior Policy Advisor, Climate and Energy Transition  
Mr. Jack Balsdon  Climate Policy Analyst  
Ms. Elena Espinoza  Manager, Social Issues  
Mr. Nathan Fabian  Director of Policy and Research  
Mr. Antonio Santoro  Head of Southern Europe  Signatory Relations  
Pro-Natura International 
Mr. Guy Reinaud  President  
Mr. Frank David Wayne  Climate Specialist, Biochar  
Mr. Olivier Reinaud  Assistant, Climate Change  Pro-Natura UK  
Ms. Kathleen Therese Draper  Climate Expert, Climate Change  
Mr. Albert Bates  Director, Biochar  
Mr. Genxing Pan  Head of Department, Biochar  
Mr. Lars Krister Paul Soderberg  Biochar Expert, Climate Change  
Ms. Lucia Brusegan  Strategic Advisor, Climate Change  
Ms. Mira Moon Herrick  Assistant, Biochar  
Ms. Berta Moya Diaz-Aguado  Assistant Climate Change  
Ms. Carolina Rius Laorden  Assistant, Climate Change  
Mr. Angel Diego  Assistant, Biochar  
Mr. Michael Cullen  Director  
Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification Schemes, PEFC Council 
Mr. Ana Belén Noriega Bravo  Secretary General  PEFC Spain  
Mr. Pablo Narváez Cañedo  PEFC Spain  
Ms. Araceli Muñoz García  PEFC Spain  
Project Developer Forum Ltd. 
Mr. Sven Gunther Kolmetz  Chairman  
Mr. Christiaan Vrolijk  
Mr. Ben Atkinson  Managing Director  Agrinergy Pte Ltd  
Mr. Tom Hayes  
Mr. Philipp Daniel Hauser  
Mr. Renat Heuberger  CEO  South Pole Group  
Mr. Daniel Scholz  
Ms. Yulia Dobrolyubova  South Pole  
Mr. Alexis Leroy  Allcot AG  
Ms. Carmen Álvarez Campo  South Pole  
Mr. Benjamin Camus  Allcot AG  
Ms. Mercedes Garcia Madero  Allcot AG  
Mr. Jose Antonio Gesto Vilacoba  
Ms. Esther Rohena Rodriguez  South Pole  
Pronatura Sur, A. C. 
Sr. Romeo Domínguez Barradas  CEO  
Sra. Silvia Llamas Prado  Operative Coordination  General Direction  
ProVeg Deutschland e.V.  
Mr. Raphael Podselver  Political Outreach  
Ms. Cristina Rodrigo Ruiz  
Ms. Shweta Sood  
Public Health Institute 
Ms. Naomi Beyeler  CO-Director, Evidence to Policy Initiative  Institute for Global Health Sciences  University of California, San Francisco  
Purdue University - Purdue Climate Change Research Center 
Ms. Laura Zanotti  Professor  Department of Anthropology  
Ms. Emily Amanda Colon  Purdue University - Purdue Climate Change Research Center  
Ms. Dorothy Joanne Hogg  Political Science  
PUSH Sweden 
Ms. Sara Nyberg  International Coordinator  
Ms. Stina Bagge  
Ms. Agata Tarasewicz  
Ms. Lovisa Sommerholt  
Ms. Oriana Ballesteros  Alliances Manager  Low Carbon City   
PUSH Sweden (continued) 
Ms. Nadja Najjar  Stockholm Resilience Centre  
Ms. Veronica Bozzini  Regional Coordinator  Ticino Regional Group  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Ms. Maryam Inam  Reporting and Communications Officer  Youth Empowerment Programme  United Nations Development Programme  
Mr. Thorgny Arwidson  
Ms. Juliara Hoffmann  PhD Student  Collective and Public Health  Federal University of Santa Catarina  
Mr. Yannic Peter Markus Bucher  Region Lausanne  Swiss Youth for Climate  
R20 - Regions of Climate Action 
Mr. Christophe Nuttall  Executive Director of the R20  R20 - Regions of Climate Action  
Mr. David Albertani  R20 Program Director  
Mr. Frederic Degret  
Rainforest Alliance 
Ms. Laila Yassine  Advocacy Officer  
Ms. Genoveva Martinez  
Ms. Victoria Andrea Cordi  Senior Manager  Institutional Relations  
Mr. Yemi Olaonipekun Adeyeye  Director  Young Professionals for Agricultural Development  
Ms. Berenice Danae Espinoza Hernadez  
Ms. Ileana Madalina Scarlatt  
Ms. Najla Linnea Vallander  
Rainforest Foundation Norway 
Mr. Patrick Saidi Hemedi  National Coordinator of the DGPA  Dynamique des Groupes des Peuples Autochtones  
Ms. Margarita Victoria Avalos Bekkevoll  
Mr. Rafael Cunha Pinheiro Poco  
Ms. Patricia de Almeida Zuppi  
Ms. Nadia Hadad  Madani Foundation  
Ms. Valeria Paye Pereira  Coordination of the Indigenous Organizations of the Brazilian Amazon  
Ms. Anggalia Putri Permatasari  Yayasan MADANI Berkelanjutan  
Ms. Maria Luiza Pinedo Ochoa  Coordinator  Comissão Pró Índio do Acre (CPI Acre)  
Mr. Felipe Rangel Uncacia  
Rainforest Partnership 
Ms. Niyanta Spelman  CEO  
Mr. Anthony George Adkins  Development Director  
Ms. Veselina Constantinivici  Board Member  
Ms. Fanny Cornejo Fernandez  Peru Country Director  
Ms. Deborah Tompkins  Program Advisor  
Mr. John Brickley  Project Intern  
Ms. Ana Rita Garcia Da Silva Ferreira  
Ms. Ingeborg Bjerre Relph  Rainforest Partner  GlobalChoices  
Mr. Stan Stalnaker  Rainforest Partner  
Rare 
Ms. Josine Alexandra Gamboa  Manager, Government Initiatives  Rare Philippines  
Mr. Darko Manakovski  Senior Manager  Global Development  
Mr. Frederik Stapke  Associate  Global Development  
Ms. Ariane Marietta Steins-Meier  Senior Director Europe  Global Development  
Real Instituto Elcano  
Sra. Lara Lázaro Touza  
Sra. Maria Dolores de Azategui Revilla  Publications Coordinator  Publications  
Mr. Gonzalo Escribano Frances  Programme Director  Energy and Climate Change Programme  
Ms. María Lázaro Ávila  Elcano Royal Institute  
Sr. Juan Antonio Sanchez Gimenez  Head of Information Service & Data Analyisis  Information Service & Data Analyisis  
Sra. María del Carmen Taibo Calenti  Manager  Activities Manager  Elcano Royal Institute  
Reevaluation Foundation 
Ms. Iliria Hernández Unzueta  
Ms. Dulce María Cisneros Peralta  
Ms. Jade Castilla González  Sustaining All Life  
Ms. Judith Bautista Perez  
Ms. Nancy Callañaupa Mesco  
Mr. Daniel Vela Godinez  
Mr. Cristhoper Bogart Marquez Rodriguez  
Reevaluation Foundation (continued) 
Ms. Silvina Andrea Spagnuolo  
Ms. Yara Isady Alma-Bonilla  
Mr. Fernando Orlando Aguilera Pino  Sustaining All Life  
Mr. Carlos Berríos Solórzano  Responsable de Incidencia  Incidencia y Cabildeo.  Centro para la Acción Noviolenta y Cultura de Paz en Centroamérica.  
Ms. Neyde Nicole Cuqui Navi  Lobby and Advocacy Advisor  Rios to Rivers  
Ms. Barbara Weber  Disaster Risk Reduction Specialist  Rios to Rivers  
Ms. Emilie Holland Baliozian  Founder, Climate Communicators  
Ms. Ramona Wüst  FridaysforFuture  
Ms. Aina Koide  Fridays for Future Tokyo  
Ms. Minori Watabe  Fridays for Future Tokyo  
Mr. Alan Strickler  Climatestrike Switzerland  
Ms. Anita Sophia Welti  Climate Strike Switzerland  
Regeneration International  
Ms. Beatrice Ludwig  Friendly Farms  
Mr. Federico Bellone  
Mr. Christopher Cooke  Savory Network Hub  The Savory Institute  
Mr. Sebastian Shrady  ERES  
Ms. Carolin Waldman  
Regional Environmental Centre for Central Asia 
Mr. Zafar Makhmudov  Executive Director  ED Office  
Ms. Irina Bekmirzaeva  Programme Manager  Climate Change and Sustainable Energy  
Ms. Saltanat Zhakenova  Climate Change Specialist  Climate Change and Sustainable Energy  
Regional Institute of Health, Medicine and Research 
Mr. Kannan Gangadharan  Consultant  Human Resource and Finance  
Regions4 for Sustainable Development 
Ms. Sara Kupka  Climate Policy Officer  
Ms. Mayra García-Blásquez Lahud  
Sr. Iñaki Gili Jauregui  Jefe de Mitigación  Oficina Catalana de Cambio Climático  Gobierno de Cataluña  
M. Renaud Layadi  Senior Adviser for International affairs - Netwoks & Climate change  Environment, Climate Change and Biodiversity  Regional Council of Brittany  
Sra. Martha Patricia Martínez Barba  Coordinadora General  Coordinación de Gestión del Territorio  Gobierno de Jalisco  
Ms. Elisa Sainz der Murieta  Basque Centre for Climate Change  
Sra. Marta Subirá  Director General for 
Environmental Policies  Regional Ministry for Sustainability and Planning  Government of Catalonia  
M. Mamadou Ndong Touré  Chargé de Programme  Gossas  
Ms. Aida Alicia Trejo Vásquez  Representative for Europe Region  International Cooperation and Buisness Development  Congope  
Ms. Lorena Vega  Chief Operations Executive  
Remote Sensing Technology Center of Japan 
Mr. Masatoshi Kamei  
Mr. David Crisp  OCO-2/OCO-3 Science Team Leader  Jet Propulsion Laboratory  California Institute of Technology  
Mr. Nobutaka Nakagawa  
Ms. Nobuko Saigusa  Director  Center for Global Environmental Research  National Institute for Environmental Studies  
Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Partnership 
Mr. Maher Chebbo  Chair of the Board  International Secretariat  
Ms. Maria van Veldhuizen  Communications Manager  REEEP  
Mr. Peter James Storey  Renewable Energy & Energy Efficiency Partnership   
Renewable Energy Institute 
Mr. Teruyuki Ono  Executive Director  
Ms. Yuri Hayashi  
Ms. Mika Ohbayashi  Director  
Ms. Minami Okada 
Ms. Yuko Sugiura  Manager, Climate Change Group  
Ms. Rana Adib Abdul Wahed  Executive Secretary  Renewable Energy Policy Network  
Ms. Laura E. Williamson  Communication and Outreach Manager  
Ms. Lea Ranalder  Renewable Energy Policy Network  
Mr. Thomas Andre  Project Manager  
Ms. Florencia Urbani  
Renewables Grid Initiative e.V. 
Ms. Antonella Battaglini  CEO  
Renmin University of China 
Mr. Ke Wang  
Mr. Ji Zou  Energy Foundation China  
Ms. Shiyang Shao  
Ms. Yue Zhang  
Mr. Kefei Lu  
Ms. Yanbing Zhao  
REScoop.eu vzw  
Mr. Santiago Ochoa de Eribe  Director  GoiEner S.Coop  
Ms. Nuri Palmada  Baord member  Rescoop  
Ms. Noelia Seller Fernández  Vice-president  Unión Renovables  
Research and Development Centre, Nepal 
Mr. Ramdhyan Prasad Yadav  President  
Mr. Pradip Shapkota  General Secretary  
Mr. Saroj Gyawali  General Secretary  Global Partnership for Sustainable Development  
Research Center for Eco-Environmental Sciences in Shanxi 
Ms. Ruili Xie  Engineer  Department of Low-Carbon Development Research  Research Center for Eco-Environmental Sciences in Shanxi    
Ms. Sujing Zhou  Engineer  Department of Low-Carbon Development Research  
Ms. Jing Hao  Director of Academy Office  Academy Office  Shanxi Academy for Environmental Planning  
Ms. Yanli Cui  Deputy Director of Academy Office  Academy Office  Shanxi Academy for Environmental Planning  
Ms. Xiaoli Du  Emission Accountant  Carbon Emission Accounting Group  Shanxi Academy for Environmental Planning  
Ms. Yunxia Tan  Emission Accountant  Carbon Emission Accounting Group  Shanxi Academy for Environmental Planning  
Research Centre for Sustainable Development 
Ms. Maolin Liao  Research Center of Sustainable Development  
Ms. Xiang Yu  
Mr. Xiaogang Chen  
Mr. Hongbo Duan  
Ms. Mengyao Han  
Ms. Ang Li  
Ms. Ying Li  Research Center of Sustainable Development  
Ms. Hua Liu  
Ms. Qian Liu  
Mr. Weizhong Liu  
Mr. Guang Zeng  
Ms. Ying Zhang  
Research Institute of Innovative Technology for the Earth 
Mr. Keigo Akimoto  
Ms. Yuko Nakano  
Mr. Haruo Kanaboshi  
Mr. Muneki Adachi  
Réseau Action Climat - France 
Ms. Lucile Dufour  International Negotiations Coordinator  
Mr. Eduardo Agosta Scarel  
Ms. Lorena Alvarez - Sala Villazon  
Ms. Claudia Asensi Zarate  
Ms. Claudia Teresa Beltran   
Réseau Action Climat - France (continued) 
Ms. Meritxell Bennasar Casasa  
Mr. Johan Billy  
Mr. Simon Alexandre Coquillaud  
Sra. Francisca Cortes Solari  Executive President of Filantropia Cortés Solari  
Mr. David Guerrero Rodriguez  
Ms. Elisa Hernandez de Pablo  
Ms. Dolores Huerta  
Mr. Luis Irastorza  
Ms. Sara Lickel  
Ms. Imke Lübbeke  
Mr. Fernando Martinez Sandoval  
Ms. Maria Dolores Masegosa Arredondo  
Ms. Patricia Morales  
Mr. Fernando Morales Rueda  
Ms. Fanny Petitbon  
Mr. Manuel Pulido Garcia  
Mr. Pedro Rubio Lopez  
Mr. Cristobal Sanchez Blesa  
Ms. Veronica Sanz Izquierdo  
Ms. Maria Esther Valdes Tejera  
Ms. Karine Watrin  
Réseau Français des Etudiants pour le Développement Durable 
Mme Eloïse, Nicole, Marie Lehmann  
Mme Marjolaine, Danièle, Marguerite Lannes  
M. Gabin, Patrick, Jean, Paul Dournelle  
Mme Aline Prevot  
M. Vincent, Nicolas, Jean Kretz  
Mme Océane, Yvette, Gaëtane Legatelois  
M. Sylvain, Haruo Hamanaka  
Resource Innovation Group 
Ms. Rhonda Roff  League of Women Voters of the United States  
Ms. Valholly Frank  
Ms. Fernanda Gimenes  
Ms. Yvette Arellano  
Ms. Jennifer Crosslin  
Ms. Caitlin Rublee  
Ms. Alexandria Villasenor  
Mr. David Villasenor  
Resources for the Future 
Mr. Raymond Kopp  
Responding to Climate Change 
Mr. James William Ramsey  Chief Executive Officer de RTCC  
Mr. Ricardo Ernesto Bosshard Friedrich Dit Cachin  Director  Head Office Chile  
Ms. Farida Djaouida Serrij Meziani  Director  Environment  
Mr. Avrim Daniel Lazar  Director  International  
Mr. Angel Matamoro Irago  Director Corporativo de RSC  Relaciones Institucionales  Grupo Nueva Pescanova  
Mr. Ali Murad  Manager, International  
RESPONSE Charitable Trust 
Mr. Adrian Macey  Researcher  
Ms. Elizabeth Giles  Member  
Reusa Misión Planeta, A.C. 
Mme Isela Indira Salas Juárez  Executive Director and Co-Founder  Board of Directors  
Mme Citlalli Liliana Salas Juárez  Cultural Strategist  
Mme Laura Citlali Ramirez Rosas  Legal Manager  
Mme Mariel Sarahí Valle Pantoja  Director of Communications  
Ms. Elda Jimena Silva Pastrana  Co-Founder  Dirección General  Movimiento de Jóvenes por el Agua  
Sr. Gilberto Ramírez González  Water Management and Environmental Education Coordinator  Gestión hídrica, educación ambiental  Movimiento de Jóvenes por el Agua  
Sr. Ricardo Gonzalez Hernandez  Chief Executive  Proyectando un Ambiente  
Sra. Clara María Rodríguez Ilarráz  Environmental Law Specialist  
Ms. Ireana Lara Damken  Chief Executive  Proyectando un Ambiente  
Sr. Vicente Sayel Cortes Berrueta  Researcher  Environmental Policy Group  Wageningen University  
Sr. Eduardo Inza Blasco  
Ms. Ana Zeltzin Escalante García  
Mr. Eduardo Schnitzler Moure  Project Manager and Environmental Educator on Çarakura Institute  Çarakura Institute   
Rights and Resources Institute, Inc. 
Mr. Gustavo Sanchez  
Mr. Jose Luis Rengifo Balanta  
Rio de Janeiro Environmental Exchange 
Mr. Beto Mesquita  Director of Policies and Institutional Relationships  
Sra. Luiza Montoya  Project Assistant  Climate and Forests  
Rock Environment and Energy Institute 
Mr. Jiaqiao Lin  
Mr. Ang Zhao  
Ms. Yating Yuan  
Ms. Qingyang Liu  
Ms. Karina Andrea Corada Perez  Youth Delegate  Imperial College London  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Inc. 
Mr. Michael Northrop  Program Director  Sustainable Development  
Ms. Deborah Burke  Program Associate  Sustainable Development  
Ms. Yuan Shang  
Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors, Inc. 
Mr. Tangwyn Copsey  Senior Director  Special Projects  
Mr. Jeffrey Asher Nesbit  Executive Director  
Ms. Allison Fajans-Turner  Senior Program Manager  
Ms. Lauren Wolahan  Program Manager  Special Projects  
Ms. Emma Hutchinson  
Rocky Mountain Institute 
Mr. Paul Bodnar  Managing Director  Climate Finance  
Ms. Carla Frisch  Principal  America’s Pledge  
Mr. Brian O’Hanlon  Principal  Global Climate Finance  
Ms. Angela Whitney  Manager  Climate Finance  
Ms. Caroline Ott  Manager  Global Climate Finance  
Ms. Lucy Kessler  Senior Associate  Global Climate Finance  
Ms. Paques Sidonie Kouam  
Rosa-Luxemburg-Stiftung - Gesellschaftsanalye und politische Bildung e.V. 
Ms. Nadja Charaby  Head of Unit International Politics  Center for International Dialogue and Cooperation  
Mr. Till Bender  Senior Advisor International Politics  
Ms. Bipasha Chakma  
Mr. Athayde Jose Da Motta Filho  
Ms. Maria Silvia Emanuelli  
Ms. Dagmar Enkelmann  Chairwoman of the Executive Board  
Ms. Tejal Kanitkar  
Ms. Maria Theresa Nera Lauron  Center for International Dialogue and Cooperation  
Ms. Eva Mahnke  
Mr. Jayaraman Thiagarajan  
Ms. Alanah Leyna Torralba  
Ms. Katja Voigt  
Rural Development Institute 
Ms. Bethany Roberts  Attorney & Land Tenure Specialist, Gender  Center for Women’s Land Rights  
Rural Women Energy Security Ltd/Gte 
Ms. Nafisat Alimi Abubakar  Head of Secretariat  
Mr. Yayha Saleh Ibrahim  Research Coordinator  Research and Development  
Mr. Muhammad Tanko  Board Member  
Mr. Bassey Gabriel Udofia  Program Manager  Operations  
Sabanci University 
Mr. Umit Sahin  Senior Scholar  Istanbul Policy Center  
Mr. Sinan Erensu  Istanbul Policy Center  
Saint Francis Xavier University  
Mr. Hugo Beltrami  Professor  Earth Sciences  
Saint John’s University 
Mr. Troy Knight  
Mr. William Matuska  
Mr. Noah Becker  
Mr. Conal Brady  
Mr. Joseph Bastian  
Ms. Phoebe Lynn Lytle  
Mr. Quinlen Marshall   
Saint John’s University (continued) 
Mr. Jack Pieper  
Mr. Leonardo Cumplido  
Ms. Anne Beret Christianson  
Ms. Danielle Voss  
Ms. Charlotte Rose Frisk  
Sasakawa Peace Foundation 
Mr. Atsushi Sunami  President  The Ocean Policy Research Institute  
Ms. Nagisa Yoshioka  
Ms. Mai Fujii  
Ms. Miko Maekawa  
Mr. Tomohiko Tsunoda  
Mr. Masanori Kobayashi  
Ms. Anna Marta Szramkowska  
Sauvons Le Climat 
Mr. Sébastien Richet  Clean Energy Expert  GISOC  
Mr. Mitja Hinderks  Senior Engineer  Low-Emission Energy Systems  
Science Museum of Minnesota  
Mr. Patrick Hamilton  Director  Global Change Initiatives  
Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research 
Sra. Carlota Escutia Dotti  Instituto Andaluz de Ciencias de la Tierra  
Mr. Adrián López Quirós  Instituto Andaluz de Ciencias de la Tierra  
Mr. Benjamin Andrew Keisling  University of Massachusetts  
Sra. Cecilia Morales Ocaña  Instituto Andaluz de Ciencias de la Tierra  
Mr. Robert Michael DeConto  SCAR; U. of Massachusetts, IPCC  
Mr. Jack Christopher Landy  
Mr. Geoffrey Denis Abbott  
Mr. Francisco Jose Navarro Valero  Technical University of Madrid / SCAR  
Mr. Pedro Carlos Ramírez Bedoya  
Mr. Allen Bonilla Dominguez  
SDSN Association, Inc. 
Mr. Jeffrey Sachs  Director  
Ms. Sonia Ehrlich Sachs  
Ms. Elena Crete  Manager  
Ms. Lera Jane Miles  
Mr. Paolo Carnevale  
Ms. Valerie Kapos  
Seas at Risk 
Ms. Monica Verbeek  Executive Director  
Ms. Rebecca Hubbard  Program Director  Our Fish  
Mr. Rashid Ussif Sumaila  Professor and Director  Fisheries Economics Research Unit  University of British Columbia’s Institute for the Oceans and Fisheries  
Ms. Angela Helen Martin  Research fellow  Center for Coastal Research  University of Agder, Norway  
Mr. David de Araujo Alonso  
SeaTrust Institute 
Ms. Lynn Wilson  Executive Director  
Ms. Tanya Settles  
Seoul International Law Academy 
Ms. Kang Eun Heo  
Mr. Dong Hui Lee  
Sequoia Foundation 
Mr. Jonathan Cody Petterson  
Mr. John Petterson  Chief Executive Officer  
Servicios en Comunicación Intercultural 
Mr. Jorge Luis Agurto Aguilar  Director  
Sr. Jossy Alejandro Irey Corisepa  
Shan Shui Conservation Center 
Mr. Dong Li  
Ms. Hui Jia  General Manager  GreenTech Group  Society of Entrepreneurs and Ecology Foundation  
Ms. Liangke Liu  Youth Delegate  Tsinghua University  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate  
Ms. Jessie Yuill  Youth Delegate  Stellenbosch University  Global Alliance of Universities on Climate   
Shandong Society for Sustainable Development 
Ms. Min Li  BD Director  Beijing E-Blue Technology Ltd., Co.  
Shinji Shumeikai 
Ms. Brianne Chai-Onn  Head of Communications  Shinji Shumeikai  
Ms. Barbara Hachipuka Namashikwe Banda  Founder/Project Coordinator  Natural Agriculture Zambia  Natural Agriculture Development Program Zambia  
Mr. Juan Pablo Restrepo Tafur  Global Peace Initiative of Women  
Sierra Club 
Mr. Andy Katz  
Mr. Pedro Cruz  
Mr. Steven Herz  
Ms. Jessica Olson  Associate Campaign Rep  
Sierra Club Canada 
Ms. Megan Sutton  Chair, Sierra Youth  
SILVA, Arbres, Forêts et Sociétes 
Mr. Arthur Riedacker  Chair, Oikos Institute  
Mr. Frédéric Dévé  
Mr. Joseph Francois Racapé  
Sjoham Baabaji Mission 
Mme Marja Olff  Co-ordinator Europe  Soham Babajee Missions  
Slow Food  
Ms. Rocio Garcia Carregal  Slow Food Compostela  
Small and Medium Scale Entrepreneurship Fundamentals Foundation 
Mr. Ayodeji Babatunde Ademilua  Director  Eko Carbon Exchange  
Mr. Olugbenga Victor Afolabi  Director  Eko Carbon Exchange  
Mr. Innocent Ejikeme Azih  Director  Carbon Exchange Trade  
SNV Netherlands Development Organisation 
Mr. Thomas Peter Derksen  Managing Director Energy  SNV World  
Mr. Albertus Wouterus Bokkestijn  Project Manager  
Mr. David Johan Kuijper  Manager Public Investment and Blended Finance  
Mr. Rik Overmars  Market Development Manager Agriculture  Agriculture  
Ms. Ifrah Shaukat  Institute of Environment and Human Security  United Nations University  
Ms. Meike Dorianne Ceciel Van Ginneken  Chief Executive Officer  
SOAS University of London  
Mr. Thomas Tanner  Reader in Environment and Development  CeDEP  
Mr. Harald Heubaum  Assistant Professor in Global Energy & Climate Policy  CISD  
Ms. Felicia Jackson  Teaching Fellow  CISD  
Mr. James Dunn  Researcher  CeDEP  
Mr. Arnaud Cartigny  Rsearcher  CeDEP  
Sociedade Pesquisa em Vida Salvagem e Educacao Ambiental 
Ms. Daniela Aguiar Borges  
Mr. Marcelo Bosco Pinto  
Ms. Miriam Lia Cangussu Tomaz Garcia  
Società Italiana per le Scienze del Clima 
Mr. Stefano Caserini  
Mr. Roberto Barbiero  Provincia autonoma di Trento  
Ms. Isabella Alloisio  European University Insitute in Florence  
Ms. Lodovica Francesca Cattani  The Climate Reality Project Europe Team Italy  
Ms. Righi Ricco Celeste  
Mr. Paolo Faiola  Environental Consultant  BDO S.p.A.  
Mr. Luca Lombroso  University of Modena and Reggio Emilia  
Mr. Vladislav Malashevskyy  Universita degli Studi di Milano  
Ms. Giulia Persico  Legambiente - League of Environment   
Society for Development and Community Empowerment 
Mr. Moses Monday Eboigbe  
Mr. Oluwayomi Adegboyega Oyebanji  Associate Director  Climate Change  
Mr. Oludare Adisa Lawal  Program Assistant  Climate Change  
Mr. Alimikhena Erhunmwunse  Program Associate  Climate Change  OANDA Consulting  
Ms. Faith Nwabunwannem Nwankwor  Program Associate  Climate Change  OANDA Consulting  
Mr. Pius Osazee Obarisiagbon  Program Associate  Climate Change  OANDA Consulting  
Society for Threatened Peoples International 
Ms. Eliane Fernandes Ferreira  Advisor on Brazil  Indigenous Peoples  
Society of Catholic Medical Missionaries 
Ms. Helen Saldanha  
Ms. Maria Del Pilar Trillo Sanchez-Redondo  
Ms. Angela Orellana Schwalm  
Society of Entrepreneurs and Ecology Foundation 
Ms. Song Zhao  
Mr. Hui Qiao  
Ms. Xin Luo  
Solar Cookers International 
Ms. Caitlyn Slack Hughes  Executive Director  
Mr. Alan Bigelow  UN Main Representative  Science Department  
Solar Impulse Foundation 
Mr. Bertrand Piccard  Chairman & Initiator of the Solar Impulse Foundation  
Mr. Remy Kalter  Head of Public Affairs  Public Affairs  
Ms. Julie Céline Conti  Public Relations Manager  Communications  
Solutions From The Land  
Mr. Ernest Charles Shea  President  
Mr. Willis Fredrick Yoder  Chair  North American Climate Smart Agriculture Alliance  
Mr. Douglas Craig Berven  Vice President of Corporate Affairs  POET  
Mr. Jad Mousa Jad Wakileh  Consultant  United States Grains Council  
South-South Global Assets and Technology Exchange 
Mr. Hui Lin  Chairman  Shanghai Environment and Energy Exchange  
Ms. Jin Li  Shanghai Environment and Energy Exchange CO.,LTD  
Mr. Yusheng Xue  
Mr. Max Song  
Southern African Confederation of Agricultural Unions 
Mr. Ishmael Daniso Sunga  CEO  
Mr. Majola Mabuza  Doctor  Policy and Advocacy  Southern African Confederation of Agricultural Unions  
SouthSouthNorth Projects Africa 
Mr. Robi Redda  Director  SouthSouthNorth  
Ms. Shehnaaz Moosa  Director  CDKN  
Ms. Michelle Du Toit  Programme Manager  
Mr. John Thorne  
Mr. Samson Mbewe  SouthSouthNorth  
Stand  
Ms. Tzeporah Berman  International Program Director  
Mr. Matthew Stilwell  Advisor  
Mr. Tyson Miller  Forest Programs Director  Campaigns  
Stichting Climate Action Network South Asia 
Mr. Sanjay Vashist  Director  Climate Action Network - South Asia  
Ms. Rabia Arif  
Ms. Rushati Das  Programme Officer  
Ms. Haneea Isaad  Yale University   
Stichting Climate Action Network South Asia (continued) 
Ms. Ayesha Khan  Executive Director  Hashoo Foundation  
Mr. Muqeet Majed  
Ms. Humna Sharif  
Mr. Vinod Kumar Sharma  
Mr. Eric Steinberger  
Stichting Hivos (Humanistisch Instituut voor Ontwikkelingssamenwerking) 
Ms. Tanja Brok  Communication Officer  
Sra. Edilena Torino  COAPIMA  
Mr. Edward Drury Brown  
Ms. Sheila Ngozi Oparaocha  International Programme Manager  ENERGIA  
Ms. Walelasoetxeige Paiter Bandeira Surui  Member of the Young Indigenous Network  Coordination of the Indigenous Organizations of the Brazilian Amazon  
Stichting Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport (SLoCaT) Foundation 
Ms. Maruxa Diaz-Cardama Garcia  Secretary General  
Mr. Mark Major  Senior Advisor  Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport  
Ms. Xiomara Acevedo Navarro  Young Leader  
Ms. Seema Singh  Young Leader  
Stichting Wageningen Research 
Ms. Louise Fresco  President  Executive Board  Wageningen University & Research  
Mr. Tim van Hattum  Program Leader Green Climate Solutions  Wageningen Environmental Research  Wageningen University & Research  
Mr. Adrianus Verhagen  Senior Scientist  Agrosystems Research  Wageningen University & Research  
Mr. Ivo Demmers  Programme Director Food Security and Valuing Water  Wageningen University & Research  
Ms. Siti Ina Malayni (Nila) Kamil  Environmental Policy Group  Wageningen University and Research Centre  
Mr. Jelle Maas  Manager Public Affairs  Corporate Communication & Marketing  Wageningen University & Research  
Ms. Tabitha Muriuki  Researcher  Forest and Nature Conservation Policy Group  
Stiftung Mercator Foundation 
Ms. Ragna Diedrichs  Fridays for Future  
Stockholm Environment Institute 
Ms. Cleo Verkuijl  Research Fellow  Oxford Centre  
Ms. Dhruti Chakravarthi  University of Edinburgh  
Mr. Richard Klein  
Mr. Johan C.I. Kuylenstierna  York Centre  
Mr. Michael Lazarus  Centre Director/Senior Scientist  US Centre  
Mr. Philip Osano  
Ms. Emily Yehle  Communications Officer  
Ms. Georgia  Savvidou  
Stockholm International Water Institute 
Mr. Ernst Olov Torgny Holmgren  Executive Director  
Mr. Julio Eisman Valdés  Instituto de Ingeniería de España  
Mr. Román Escudero Gallego  Instituto de Ingeniería de España  
Mr. Jose Daniel Hellin Ayala  Instituto de Ingeniería de España  
Mr. John Holley Matthews  Alliance for Global Water Adaptation (AGWA)  
Mr. Antonio Serrano Rodríguez  Instituto de Ingeniería de España  
Mr. Manuel Soriano Baeza  Instituto de Ingeniería de España  
Ms. Ingrid Ann Timboe  Alliance for Global Water Adaptation (AGWA)  
Stockholm University 
Ms. Suanne Mistel Segovia Tzompa  
Ms. Fiona May Hargreaves Cooper  Emory College  
Ms. Julia Eve Glickman  Emory College  
Mr. Gustaf Hugelius  Department of Physical Geography  
Stockholm University (continued) 
Mr. Ans Irfan  Milken Institute School of Public Health  
Ms. Magdalena Pitzer  
Mr. Joshua Siar  Emory College  
Ms. Naomi Lerato Terry  
Ms. Christine Thao Tyler  Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona  
Mr. Miguel Ángel Velasco Lopez  Fundacion Proclade  
Mr. Chris Vrettos  
Stop Climate Chaos Scotland 
Ms. Katherine Jones  
Ms. Fiona Buchanan  
Mr. Alistair Dutton  Friends of the Earth Scotland  
Mr. Robin Parker  
Student Energy 
Ms. Shakti Ramkumar  Communications Coordinator  Student Energy  
Ms. Meredith Adler  Executive Director  
Ms. Helen Watts  Director of Innovation and Partnerships  
Mr. Maheep Sandhu  
Sustainable Amazonas Foundation 
Ms. Gabriela Passos Sampaio  Public Policy Coordinator  Innovative Solutions Program  
Mr. Virgilio Mauricio Viana  Director General  
Mr. Victor Augusto Salviati  Institutional Development & Innovation Director  
Mr. Luiz Cruz Villares  CFO  
Sustainable Business Australia 
Mr. Michael Barbara  Business Development Manager  New Forests Asset Management Pty Ltd.  
Mr. Peter Holt  Principal  Energetics  
Ms. Mary Stewart  COO and Executive Director  Energetics  
Mr. Matthew Warnken  CEO  Corporate Carbon Pty Ltd  
Sustainable Energy for All Association for sustainable Energy 
Mr. António Luis Guerra Nunes Mexia  SEforALL Chair of Administrative Board and CEO of EDP  
Mr. Glenn Pearce-Oroz  Director of Policy and Programmes  SEforALL  
Ms. Gorana Jerkovic  Director of Communications  SEforALL  
Ms. Olivia Coldrey  Lead Finance Specialist  SEforALL  
Sustainable Environmental Development Watch 
Mr. Frank Msafiri Kairura  National Chairman  Sustainable Land Management (SLM)  
Ms. Caroline Chepngeno  Program Assistant  Adaptation  
Mr. Arnold Kipchumba  Senior Program Officer  Adaptation  
Sustainable Harvest International 
Mr. Elliott Jackson Powell  Executive Director  
Ms. Ana Maria Ramos-Kohn  Director  
Sustainable Markets Foundation - 350.org 
Ms. Cansin Leylim Ilgaz  Global Projects Manager  Programme  
Ms. Anna Marie Astle-Vickerstaff  Senior UK Campaigner  Programme  
Mr. Juan Carlo Atienza  
Mr. Vicente Baeza  
Ms. Hoda Baraka  
Mr. William Bates  
Ms. Sarah Kim Bryan  
Mr. Fernando Cesar Da Veiga Neto  The Nature Conservancy  
Sra. Andre´ia de Fátima Fernandes  Organizing Associate  Programme  
Mr. Raul Dominguez Tur  
Mr. Raul Fernandez  
Mr. Konrad Fisher  Fundacion Futaleufu Riverkeeper  
Mr. David Fopp  
Ms. Rocio Gonzales  Fundacion Futaleufu Riverkeeper  
Mr. Nicolas Haeringer  Global Organiser  
Mr. Jameson Henn  
Mr. David Howell  
Mr. Rodrigo Hucke Gaete  Centro Ballena Azul   
Sustainable Markets Foundation - 350.org (continued) 
Ms. Marta Iglesias  
Ms. Judith Iglesias Ferrer  
Mr. Aamir Kaleem  
Mr. Claudio Magliulo  Deputy Director, Communications  
Ms. Magdalena Marques Triay  
Ms. Ana Marquez  
Ms. Ilisapeci Masivesi  
Sra. Nicole Oliveira  
Ms. Asuncion Ruiz  
Mr. Atlas Sarrafoglu  
Ms. Julia Serramitjana Casanovas  
Ms. Maria Francisca Tondreau Soruco  The Nature Conservancy  
Ms. Angela Francisca Valenzuela Navarrete  Organiser  Programme  
Mr. Jose Maria Ventura Sebastian  
Mr. Paul Wilson  Fundacion Futaleufu Riverkeeper  
Mr. Tim Zijlstra  
Sustainable Population Australia Inc. 
Mr. Isaac Kabongo  Executive Director  Ecological Christian Organisation  
Mr. João Luis Ramalho Abegão  
Mr. Carlos Manuel Lopes Coelho Fulgêncio Ferreira  National Director - Portugal  Scientistswarning.org  
Mr. Danilo Ignacio de Urzedo  Youth Delegate  Youth4Nature Initiative  Climate Guides Foundation  
Ms. Maria Pia Casarini  Arctic Council  
Mr. Rogelio Barrios Rosas  Youth4Climate  
Ms. Camila González Colistro  
Mr. Byron Michael Janson Fay  International Savanna Fire Management Initiative  
SustainableEnergy 
Mr. Gunnar Boye Olesen  Political Coordinator  
SustainUS 
Mr. Phillip Brown  
Ms. Mesiah Ebony Burciaga Hameed  
Mr. Micah Carpenter-Lott  
Ms. Leilani Ganser  
Ms. Alethea Phillips  
Ms. Isabella Tibbetts  
Swarthmore College 
Ms. Jennifer Randolph Peck  Professor  Economics  
Mr. Christopher Robert Graves  Professor  Chemistry  
Ms. Allison Miyako Naganuma  Environmental Studies  
Mr. Max Jacob Katz-Balmes  Environmental Studies  
Ms. Isabel Sophia Louise Llosa  Environmental Studies  
Ms. Nancy Yuan  Environmental Studies  
Mr. Thomas Read Barbee  Earth & Atmospheric Science  Cornell University  
Mr. Noah Schulman  Earth & Atmospheric Science  Cornell University  
Ms. Anushi Garg  Earth & Atmospheric Science  Cornell University  
Mr. Arjun Lev Pillai Hausner  Earth & Atmospheric Science  Cornell University  
Mr. Jacob Brenner  Earth & Atmospheric Science  Cornell University  
Swedish Society for Nature Conservation 
Ms. Karin Margareta Lexén  Secretary General  Managment  
Ms. Caroline Westblom  Senior Policy Advisor Climate  Department of Climate and Law  
Mr. Andres Alejandro Barrios Noya  Executive Director  Instituto Politecnico Tomas Katari  
Mr. Ivan Phell Enrile  Program Officer  Climate Justice Program  IBON International Foundation Inc.  
Ms. Jutta Kill  Researcher  Research and Analysis, International Policy  World Rainforest Movement  
Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences 
Mr. David Ellison  
Mr. Cristián Alarcón Ferrari  Universidad Academia de Humanismo Cristiano, Chile  
Ms. Wiebke Homes  Department of Soil and Environment  
Swiss Business Council for Sustainable Development 
Mr. Patrick Bürgi  South Pole Carbon Asset Management Ltd  
Mr. Marco Magini  Director Projects & Portfolio Management  South Pole  
Mr. Martin Stadelmann  South Pole   
Swisscontact 
Mr. Adrián Montalvo  CALAC+ Project Manager  
Taiwan Carbon Capture Storage and Utilization Association 
Mr. Chung Sung Tan  
Mr. Ching Hui Lu  
Mr. Huan-Cheng Wen  
Ms. Lun Lee  
Mr. Hung-Ta Chen  
Mr. Che-Liang Liu  
Mr. Chien-Te Fan  
Mr. Chunto Tso  
Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy 
Mr. Yuh-Ming Lee  Distinguished Professor  Institute of Natural Resource Management  Taipei University  
Ms. Jhih-yun Chang  
Ms. Sze fan Chen  
Ms. Man-li Chen  
Ms. Hui-Ying Chiang  Secretary  
Mr. Chyi-rong Chiou  
Ms. Yi-chen Hou  
Mr. Pei-Chun Hsu  
Ms. Yu-hua Kao  
Mr. Robert Shin-Chih Shih  
Mr. Yen-lung Wang  
Ms. Hui-ling Yang  
Ms. I-li Yang  
Ms. Yi-Jin Yeh  
Mr. Ming-hong Yen  Senior consultant  Mom Loves Taiwan Association  
Ms. Wan-ju Yu  
Taiwan Research Institute 
Mr. Young Ku  Vice President  
Mr. Han-Pang Su  Director  Research Division III  
Ms. Wan-Ting Yen  Senior Assistant Research Fellow  Research Division III  
Mr. Jen-Yi Hou  Director  Research Division IV  
Mr. Min-Chieh Chang  Consultant  
Mr. Sheng-Chung Lin  Consultant  
Mr. Ming-Lang Chiang  Consultant  
Ms. I-Wen Wang  Consultant  
Mr. Yung-Ming Chen  Advisor  
Mr. Ming-Dean Cheng  Advisor  
Mr. Lee-Yin Shen  Consultant  
Ms. Hsiao-Chien Chou  Consultant  
TakingITGlobal 
Mr. Christopher Carter  Polar Bears International  
Mr. Terrance Godwaldt  Executive Director  Decarbonize  Centre for Global Education  
Ms. Sarah Flynn  Program Director  Decarbonize  Centre for Global Education  
Ms. Slater Jewell - Kemker  Filmmaker at Large  Media  
Ms. Wendy Marion Jewell  Film Producer  
Ms. Aarthi Medha Venkatraman  Youth  Decarbonize  
Ms. Hajin Kim  Youth  Decarbonize  
Mr. Germain Laigle  Project Officer  United Nations Association in Canada  
Mme Katelynne Herchak  UNA-CSC Delegate  UNA-Canada Service Corps  
Mr. Kambal Bloxham  UNA-CSC delegate  UNA-Canada Service Corps  
Mr. Christopher Cundari  UNA-CSC Delegate  UNA-Canada Service Corps  
Ms. Daniela Goren Valenzuela  Cadena Chile  
Ms. Soomin Han  Climate Action Cohort  Students on Ice and Youth Climate Lab  
Ms. Carlee Kawinehta Loft  National Program Coordinator  National Youth Initiatives  Canadian Roots Exchange  
Ms. Ana Mejia  CADENA  
Mr. Joshua Pegus  Canadian Youth Delegation  
Tamaynut 
Mr. Abdellah Sabri  
Mr. Hicham El-Mastouri  
TaxCOOP  
Mme Brigitte Alepin  
Mme Louise Otis  
  
Tearfund 
Mr. Benjamin Niblett  Senior Associate  Advocacy  
Ms. Susan Willsher  Senior Associate  Advocacy  
Ms. Melissa Barnston  Senior Media Officer  
Ms. Hazel Bibby  Scotland Advocacy Manager  
Mr. Charles Carriker  Renovar Nosso Mundo  
Sr. Julio Ernesto Murray Thompson  Archbishop of the Anglican Province of Central America  Anglican Communion  
Sra. Rut Ines Perez Saldarriaga  Renovemos Nuestra Mundo  
Mr. David Rossiter  Campaigns Associate  
Sra. Simone Vieira  Advocacy Officer  
Mr. Manuel Voordewind  Advocacy  Tear Netherlands  
Tebtebba Foundation 
Ms. Grace Balawag  
Ms. Helen Magata  
Ms. Catherine Mary Monagle  
Mr. Stanley Kimaren Riamit  ILEPA  
Technical University of Denmark 
Ms. Anne Olhoff  Head, Climate Resilient Development Programme  UNEP DTU Partnership  United Nations Environment Programme  
Mr. Joergen Fenhann  Senior Scientist  UNEP DTU Partnership  
Mr. Myung Kyoon Lee  Senior Researcher  
UNEP DTU Partnership, DTU MAN Eng.  
Mr. Heinrich Neufeldt  Senior Economist  UNEP DTU Partnership, DTU MAN Eng.  
Ms. Karen Olsen  Senior Scientist  UNEP DTU Partnership, DTU MAN  
Ms. Mette Annelie Rasmussen  Special Advisor, Communication  UNEP DTU Partnership  
Mr. Gerardo Sanchez Martinez  Senior Advisor  UNEP DTU Partnership, DTU MAN  
Ms. Maria Gabriela Soares de Menezes Prata Dias  Senior Consultant  UNEP DTU Partnership, DTU MAN Eng  
Technology Education Research and Rehabilitation for Environment Policy Centre 
Mr. Rajendra Shende  Chairman  
Telecommunication and Transportation Foundation 
Mr. You-Hsin Chien  Chairman  Board of Directors  Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy  
Mr. Ping-heng Chen  
Texas Impact Education Fund doing business as the Texas Interfaith Center for Public Policy 
Ms. Erica Nelson  
Ms. Danielle Ayers  Texas Interfaith Power & Light, Texas Impact  
Ms. Robin Caraway  
Ms. Rosane de Souza  Texas Interfaith Center for Public Policy, Texas Impact  
Mr. Dominic Frongillo  Elected Officials to Protect America  
Ms. Deborah Shelley  
Ms. Ilka Vega  
The Australia Institute Ltd. 
Mr. Richard Merzian  Climate & Energy Program Director  
The B Team Headquarters, Inc. 
Ms. Charlotte Blommestijn  Cause Strategist  Climate  
Ms. Emily Hickson  Cause Strategist  Climate  
The Carbon Institute 
Mr. John Oliver Niles  Executive Director  The Carbon Institute  
Ms. Djukanovic Tara  Emory University  
Ms. Kenza Isnasai  
Mr. Inaki Alonso  Fundacion Global Hub for Common Good  
Mr. Alexander Brussell  Associate  Malk Partners  
Mr. François Hiol Hiol  Africa Representative  
Ms. Laura Kaestele  
Mr. Holden Leslie-Bole  Program Officer  The Carbon Institute   
The Carbon Institute (continued) 
Mr. Yingchun Liu  Scientist  AFIP  State Forestry Administration  
Ms. Momo Nina Rutkin  Emory University  
Mr. Gao Xianlian  Division Director  FCAMC  State Forestry and Grassland Administration  
The Carbon Trust 
Mr. Simon Retallack  Director  Latin America  Carbon Trust  
Ms. Silvana Gina Centty Gutierrez  Senior Manager  Business Services  
Mr. Tom Delay  Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Jan Christian Matthiesen  Programmes and Innovation  
Mr. Daniel Perdomo-Rodriguez  Senior Management, Strategy and Business Development  Latin America  
The Catholic Agency for Overseas Development  
Mr. Neil Thorns  Head of Advocacy & Education  Advocacy & Education  
Mr. Robin Mace-Snaith  Policy Analyst for Climate and Energy  Advocacy & Education  
Mr. Charlie Bennett  
The Climate Group 
Ms. Helen Clarkson  CEO  
Mr. Timothy Ash Vie  Director Under2 Coalition Secretariat  
Ms. Sarah Clark  Communications Executive  
Ms. Sarah Duffy  Government Relations Manager  
Ms. Carolin Sophie Hohenegger  Senior Philanthropy Manager  Fundraising  The Climate Group  
Ms. Agathe Sarah Ninon Kuhn  Senior Philanthropy Officer  Fundraising  
Ms. Milimer Andreina Morgado Mendoza  Climate Transparency Manager  Under 2  
Ms. Emese Judith Nyitrai  Climate Diplomacy Manager  
Ms. Jebi Begum Rahman  Team Lead (IKI – International Climate Initiative)  Under2 Coalition  
Ms. Maria del Mar Rojas Posada  EP100 Campaign Manager  Business Actions  
Mr. Jean-Charles Joseph Seghers  Head of Climate Transparency  
Ms. Sophie Vipond  Communications and External Affairs Manager  
The Climate Reality Project 
Mr. Ethan Spaner  
Mr. Nicholas Conger  
Ms. Kelsey Evans  Program Manager  International  
Mr. Al Gore  
Mr. Bradley Hall  Policy Adviser  
Mr. Stephen Lockwood Mills  Director of Strategic Partnerships  Partnerships  
Mr. Miguel Roger Nogales Tovey  
Mr. David John Sigworth Jr.  
The Climate Registry 
Ms. Amy Elizabeth Holm  Director of Programs & Operations  
Mr. Thomas James Callahan  School of Law  UCLA  
Ms. Alexandra Carr  Director  Special Projects  
Mr. Santiago Enriquez Soltero  Senior Environmental and Climate Change Specialist  Abt Associates  
Ms. Lindsay Foley  Senior Associate, Portfolio Manager for Clean Energy  Abt Associates  
Ms. Marquetta Goodwine  Gullah/Geechee Nation  
Mr. Mikhail Grant  Research Analyst  Rhodium Group  
Mr. Timothy Dwight Juliani  Director  Corporate Climate Engagement  World Wildlife Fund  
Ms. Divya Rao  School of Law  UCLA  
Ms. Alice Wiewel  State Architect  Department of Administrative Services  State of Oregon  
The Corner House  
Ms. Ivonne Catalina Yanez Lopez  Researcher  
Mr. Michael Kevin Dorsey  Representative  
The Danish Family Planning Association 
Ms. Ida Baagoe Klockmann  International Advocacy Officer  
Ms. Heather McMullen  Independent Consultant   
The Energy and Resources Institute 
Ms. Suruchi Bhadwal  Associate Director  Earth Science and Climate Change Division  
Mr. Saurabh Bhardwaj  Fellow & Area Convenor  
Mr. Abhishek Kaushik  Associate Fellow & Area Convenor  Earth Science and Climate Change  
Mr. Karan Mangotra  Associate Director  Earth Science and Climate Change  
Ms. Tamiksha Singh  Associate Fellow  Earth Science and Climate Change  
Ms. Radhika Sundaresan  
Ms. Mallika Talwar  
The Fairtrade Foundation 
Mr. Alvaro Ramel Goicoechea  Fairtrade Iberia Director  Fairtrade Labelling Organizations International e.V.  
The Federation for Associations Connected to the International HUMANA PEOPLE TO PEOPLE Movement 
Mr. David Kerkhofs  Programme Coordinator Climate Change & Agriculture  European Hub  
Mr. Jacob Acevedo García  
Ms. Maria del Pilar Domingo Vargas  Programme Coordinator  
Ms. Amy Bettina Logan  Programme Coordinator  
Ms. Elizabeth Anne Chiappa  
Ms. Nadia, Myriam Bennis  
Ms. Victoria Savkovic Lima Gomes Costa Maia  
The Gaia Foundation 
Ms. Jennifer Kay Falcon  Communications Coordinator  Indigenous Environmental Network  
Mr. Warner Bartlett Chabot  Executive Director  
The Gold Standard Foundation 
Ms. Margaret Kim  Chief Executive Officer  
Ms. Andreia Fernandes  Coordinator of Indigenous Program  Sustainable Markets Foundation - 350.org  
Mr. Juerg Fuessler  
Mr. Owen Hewlett  Chief Technical Officer  Management  
Ms. Sarah Leugers  Director of Marketing and Communications  Marketing and Communications  
Ms. Isis Rosa Nóbile Diniz  Communications Officer  Instituto de Energia e Meio Ambiente  
Mr. Gustavo Tosello Pinheiro  Program Officer - Economy  Instituto Clima e Sociedade - ICS  
Mr. Charles Wilson  Director of Development and Partnerships  Gold Standard  
The Green Initiative 
Mr. Lucas Carvalho Pereira  
Mr. Osvaldo Stella Martins  
Mr. Archit Kumar Srivastava  
The Institute of Environmental Management and Assessment 
Mr. Nicholas Blyth  Policy Lead  
Ms. Emma Buyers  Head of Marketing  
Mr. Alexander Walker Hilton  IEMA Fellow  
Mr. Vikram Shyam Nagrani  
Mr. Toby Robins  Operations Director  Marketing and Policy  
The Interfaith Center for Sustainable Development 
Ms. Heidi Brault  National Director-- Canada  Scientistswarning.org  
Ms. Moran Broza  Program manager  
Mr. Charles Gregoire  Regional Director, Ottawa  Scientistswarning.org  
Mr. Paul Beckwith  Part-time professor, University of Ottawa  Geography  
Mr. Peter Joseph Fiekowsky  
Ms. Karen Ilene Shragg  
Mr. Patrick Adam Lincoln  
Ms. Amy Lewis  Vice President  Policy & Communication  WILD Foundation   
The Japan Gas Association 
Mr. Yukiyoshi Fukano  Senior General Manager  Environment Division  
Mr. Toshiya Imaeda  Deputy General Manager  CSR Promotion Group of CSR/Environment Department  Toho Gas Co., LTD  
Mr. Jun Matsumoto  Chief  Sustainability Department  Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd.  
The Kenya Climate Change Working Group Association 
Ms. Elizabeth Wanja Mbugua  Programs Officer  
Mr. Wycliffe Sunguti Amakobe  Assistant Projects Officer  
The Mountain Institute, Inc. 
Ms. Maria Yvonne Chavez  Colorado State University  
Ms. Mirella Gallardo  
Ms. Jaymee Silva  
Ms. Melody Rocio Zarria Samanamud  Colorado State University  
The National Farmers Union 
Ms. Ceris Jones  
Mr. MD Zakir Hossain  
Mr. Christopher Pryke  
Ms. Ruth Taylor  
Mr. Lawrence Thomas  
The Nature Conservancy 
Ms. Jennifer Helen Tabola  
Mr. John Dennis Verdieck  
Ms. Ciaran Mary Clayton  
Ms. Maria Damanaki  
Mr. Peter Woods Ellis  
Ms. Juanita González Lamus  The Nature Conservancy  
Ms. Elizabeth Marie Gray  
Sra. Ana Guzman  Journalist  Communications  Unión Nacional de Periodistas  
Ms. Anna Paula Hahnemann de Souza  Senior Communications Coordinator  
Mr. Roy Hamilton Hardman III  
Ms. Elizabeth Ann Hartman  Rocky Mountain Institute  
Ms. Kara Hartnett Hurst  
Ms. Emily Charlotte Landis  
Mr. James David Russell Lloyd  
Ms. Julia Meisel  Rocky Mountain Institute  
Ms. Karen Pires de Oliveira  
Ms. Maria Fernanda Ordoñez Castro  
Mr. Joel Patrick Paque  External Affairs  
Mr. Michelle Cristine Passero  
Ms. Ma. Isabel Studer Noguez  
Mr. Fernando Cesar Da Veiga Neto  
Ms. Karen Lynn Watts  
Mr. Christopher Ian Webb  
The Ocean Foundation  
Mr. Jose Martin Hernandez Ayon  Chemical Oceanography Department  University of California  
Mr. Cody Sullivan  Manager  Climate Program  Ocean Conservancy  
Ms. Anna-Marie Laura  Director, International Government Relations  Climate Program  Ocean Conservancy  
The Rockefeller Foundation 
Ms. Elizabeth Yee  Managing Director  Climate & Resilience  
Mr. Lorenzo Bernasconi  Managing Director  Innovative Finance  
The Rockies Institute Ltd 
Ms. Laura Shay Lynes  Director  
Ms. Sarah Jenkinson  
The Stanley Foundation 
Mr. Huan-Rei Ulysses Tang  Program Officer  Policy Programming  
Mr. Mark Conway  Associate Program Officer  Policy Programming  
Ms. Kathleen Connell  Operations Specialist  
The University of Arizona 
Mr. Joaquin Ruiz  Professor  University of Arizona  
Ms. Talia Anderson  University of Arizona  
Mr. Yirui Gui  University of Arizona  
Mr. Tempa Gyaltsen  University of Arizona  
Mr. Zachary David Hartman  
Ms. Katelyn Lyster  
The University of British Columbia 
Mr. Walter Roberto Merida Donis  Professor  Faculty of Applied Science  
Ms. Kathryn Jo-Anne Harrison  Professor  Political Science   
The University of Manchester 
Mr. Julien Harou  Professor of Water Engineering  School of Mechanical, Aerospace and Civil Engineering  
Mr. Frank Geels  Professor  Alliance Manchester Business School  
Mr. Henry McGhie  Museum Consultant  Curating Tomorrow, UK  
The University of Sheffield 
Ms. Theresa Sowa Nelson  
Ms. Fiona Turner  Grantham Centre  
Mr. George Asiamah  
Mr. Rohit Chakraborty  Grantham Centre  
Ms. Marta Crispo  Grantham Centre  
Mr. Jonas Cromwell  
Ms. Nicole Kennard  Grantham Centre  
Ms. Maria del Carmen Redondo Bermúdez  Grantham Centre  
Ms. Linda Katrin Westman  
The V.I. Vernadsky Nongovernmental Ecological Foundation 
Mr. Andrei Cheshev  Deputy Executive Director  
Ms. Tatiana Evseenkova  Deputy Executive Director  
Ms. Olga Pliamina  Executive Director  
The Woods Hole Research Center 
Mr. David McGlinchey  Communications Director  
Ms. Susan Mary Natali  Associate Scientist  Arctic  
Ms. Marcia Macedo  Associate Scientist  
Mr. Wayne Walker  Associate Scientist  
Ms. Darcy Peter  Research Assistant  Arctic  
Ms. Karinna Matozinhos de Faria  
Third Generation Environmentalism 
Ms. Claire Marie Healy  Director  Climate Diplomacy, Risk, Security  
Mr. Nicholas Mabey  Chief Executive Officer and Founding Director  
Ms. Alexandra Louise Scott  Senior Policy Advisor  Climate Diplomacy  
Third World Network 
Ms. Mingma Bomzan  Third World Network  
Ms. Yoke Ling Chee  Director of Programmes  
Ms. Nina Hamasaki  
Ms. Yvonne Miller Berlie  
Ms. Isadora Munoz Segovia  College of the Atlantic  
Ms. Maria Lourdes Nuera  
Mr. Bibiano Jr Rivera  
Ms. Lay Hoon Teh  
Mr. Nathan Thanki  APMDD  SustainUS  
Tianda Institute 
Ms. Dongmei Jiang  President  Environmental Science  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Haipeng Liu  Director  Sustainable Development  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Zirui Wang  Assistant  Sustainable Development  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Wang Ngai Lee  Sustainable Development  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Pak Chong Cheong  Sustainable Development  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Jiaming Huo  Environmental Science  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Bethany Lu Yao Cheung  Sustainable Development  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Ruijia Shen  Environmental Science  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Yanjing Shen  Biology Education  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Ziye Cao  Sustainable Development  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Mr. Zhouyang Yu  Director  Environmental Science  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.  
Ms. Meng Lyu  Hong Kong Youth Science Academy Co., Ltd.   
Transparency International 
Mr. Brice Böhmer  Programme Coordinator  Climate Governance Integrity Programme  
Ms. Dana Schran  Project Assistant  Climate Governance Integrity Programme  
Mr. Renato Pellegrini Morgado  Environmental Program Coordinator  Transparency International  
Ms. Shaziya Ali  Senior Project Coordinator  Climate Finance Integrity  Transparency Maldives  
Mr. Andres Fernando Araya Montezuma  President  Costa Rica Integra  
Ms. Karen Mayela Chacon Araya  Ad Honorem Technical Advisor  Climate Governance  Costa Rica Integra  
Mr. Md Mahfuzul Haque  Programme Manager  
Ms. Sumaiya Khair  Advisor Executive Management  
Mr. Apollinaire Mupiganyi  Executive Director  
Mr. Abraham Kaamino Sumalinog  Project Director  Climate Governance Integrity Programme  
Transport Research Foundation 
Ms. Talya Enriquez  Chief Operating Officer  Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport  
Mr. Karl Peet  Knowledge Director  Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport  
Ms. Alice Yiu  Associate - Policy Advocacy and Outreach  
Stichting Partnership on Sustainable, Low Carbon Transport (SLoCaT) Foundation  
Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania  
Mr. Mark Alan Hughes  Professor  Kleinman Center for Energy Policy  
Ms. Cornelia Alice Griffith Colijn  Executive Director  Kleinman Center for Energy Policy  University of Pennsylvania  
Mr. William Whitney Burke-White  
Ms. Allison Blythe Lassiter  
Ms. Amy Lee Montgomery  
Ms. Jocelyn Georgina Perry  
Mr. Mauricio Esteban Rodas Espinel  City of Quito  
Mr. Michael Craig Weisberg  
Trustees of Tufts College 
Mr. Rishikesh Bhandary  
Mr. Asgeir Barlaup  
Ms. Carolyn House  
Ms. Chloe Malouf  
Mr. Ifeanyi Mbah  
Ms. Lucille Ravens  Alumni  
Ms. Katherine Risse  Faculty  
Ms. Dana Thomas  
Ms. Bethany Tietjen  
Ms. Madeline Weir  
Ms. Rebecca Wolfson  
Ms. Fang Zhang  
Tsinghua University, Global Climate Change Institute 
Ms. Bin Liu  
Ms. Hong Huo  Professor  Department of Management Sciences  National Natural Science Foundation of China  
Mr. Zuoyi Liu  Professor  Department of Management Sciences  National Natural Science Foundation of China  
Ms. Alun Gu  Associate Professor  
Mr. Fei Teng  
Mr. Jian Zhou  
Turkish Industry and Business Association 
Ms. Nursen Numanoglu  Deputy Secretary General  
Ms. Tugba Agacayak  
Ms. Ilksen Onbilgin  
Mr. Volkan Orhan Tekin  
U.S. Climate Action Network 
Ms. Katherine Egland  Chairman  Environmental and Climate Justice Committee  National Association for the Advancement of Colored People  
Ms. Emma Collin  USCAN Liaison  Gulf Coast Center for Law & Policy  
Ms. Loretta Slater  
Mr. Leo McNeil Woodberry  Executive Director  
Mr. Troy Lee Robertson  Gulf Coast Center for Law and Policy   
U.S. Climate Action Network (continued) 
Ms. Cherise Udell  
Ms. Margarita Maria Parra Cobaleda  
Ms. Nana Fitriana Firman  
Ms. Barbara Watson Moorhead  
Ms. Jain Shravya  Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors, Inc.  
Ms. Neddy Helenisse Astudillo  
Mr. Jacob Maurice Johns  Community Supported Organizer  Backbone Campaign  
Mr. Mark Magana  President  GreenLatinos  
Ms. Florence Chinyere Anoruo  Environmental Biologist  South Carolina State University  
UNEP - Finance Initiative 
Mr. Odd Arild Grefstad  CEO  Storebrand  
Ms. Karin Greve-Isdahl Flaa  Executive Vice President - Sustainability  Storebrand  
Mr. Thomas Christopher Liesch  Sustainability Manager  Allianz  
Mr. Guenther Thallinger  Chief Investment Officer  Allianz  
Mr. Sylvain Jerome Vanston  Head of Sustainability  AXA  
UNICA - Brazilian Sugarcane Industry Association 
Ms. Emily Rees  
Ms. Renata Fernandes Vieira Camargo  
Unidad Nacional de Asociaciones de Ingenieros A.C. 
Sr. Pedro Sánchez Anaya  Presidente  Presidencia  
Unión de Industriales para Saneamiento Cuencas Matanza Riachuelo y Reconquista 
Mr. Eduardo Noboa  Scientific Researcher  Fundación Sustentabilidad sin Fronteras  
Sra. Alexis Magali De Las Nieves Ovejero  Embajadora COY15  Voluntarios  Fundación Sustentabilidad sin Fronteras  
Mr. Lucas Pratesi  Voluntario  Departamento de jóvenes  Fundación Sustentabilidad sin Fronteras  
Sra. Geisel Adriana Sánchez Murillo  Voluntaria  Jóvenes  Fundación Sustentabilidad sin Fronteras  
Sr. Moisés García  Voluntario  Departamento de Jóvenes  Fundación Sustentabilidad sin Fronteras  
Union of Concerned Scientists 
Mr. Alden Meyer  Director, Strategy and Policy  Executive  
Ms. Rachel Cleetus  Lead Economist  Climate and Energy  
Mr. Paul Mutuku Kaluki  Youth Delegate  Youth4Nature Initiative  Climate Guides Foundation  
Ms. Caroline Holthuis Merner  Youth4Nature Initiative  Climate Guides Foundation  
Mr. Elujulo Opeyemi  Youth4Nature Initiative  Climate Guides Foundation  
Ms. Ashley Siefert  Communication Officer  Union of Concerned Scientists  U.S. Climate Action Network  
Union of the Electricity Industry 
Ms. Anne Charlotte Bolle  Head of Climate Policies, Public Affairs  Statkraft AS  
Ms. Sara Goulartt de Medeiros de Carvalho Fernandes  EDP  
Ms. Andrea Torjussen  
Sr. Paolo Palloti  ENEL  
Unitarian Universalist Association 
Ms. Salote Soqo  Senior Partnership Officer Climate Justice & Crisis Response  Programs, Advocacy and Action  
Ms. Patricia Ferguson  
Ms. Gloria Ushigua  
Mr. Leonardo Valenzuela Pérez  
United Church of Canada 
Ms. Christine Marie Neufeldt  Program Coordinator, Public Witness  Church in Mission  
Ms. Wendy Ann Evans  Church in Mission  
Mr. Tony James Snow  National Indigenous Council   
United Kingdom Youth Climate Coalition Limited 
Ms. Sarah Dobson  
Ms. Serena Bashal  
Ms. Nicole Judit Becker  UK Youth Climate Coalition  
Mr. Kaime Silvestre Silva Oliveira  UK Youth Climate Coalition  
Mr. Thiago Bopp Resnitzky  UK Youth Climate Coalition  
Ms. Valdinéia Sauré  UK Youth Climate Coalition  
M. Kinda Silva Van Gastel  UK Youth Climate Coalition  
Mr. Igor Fellipe Batista Vieira  UK Youth Climate Coalition  
M. Matsipaya Bepkoti Beppakretjti Waura Txucarramãe  UK Youth Climate Coalition  
United Methodist Church - General Board of Church and Society 
Mr. Liberato Bautista  Assistant General Secretary  UN and International Affairs  
Mr. John Hill  Assistant General Secretary  Economic and Environmental Justice  
Mr. Thomas David Alvarez  Research Associate  Office of the CEO  Commission on Graduates of Foreign Nursing Schools  
Ms. Susan Beth Hendershot  Representative  UNIA  United Methodist Church - General Board of Church and Society  
United Mine Workers of America 
Mr. Eugene Marc Trisko  Attorney at Law  
Ms. Cecile Conroy  Attorney at Law  Legal Services  
Ms. Amy Wiser  Consultant  Communications  
United Nations Foundation 
Ms. Susan Biniaz  
Mr. Peter Richard Ogden  
Ms. Julie Cerqueira  
Mr. Matthew Harrison Gwyn  World Benchmarking Alliance  
Mr. Ryan Hobert  
Ms. Charlotte Amelia Hugman  World Benchmarking Alliance  
Ms. Dimphna Maria Elisabeth Josephina van der Lans  
United Nations of Youth Network 
Mr. Goodluck Odimegwu Obi  President/Covener and Head of Delegation  Renewable Energy and SDGs  
Mr. Uzochukwu Alexander Ehi  
Ms. Uche Sandra Chukwuonu  
United States Council for International Business 
Ms. Norine Kennedy  Vice President, Environment, Energy and Strategic International Engagement  Policy Department  
Universidad de Barcelona 
Ms. Maria del Mar Campins Eritja  Professor  Department of Public International Law  Universitat de Barcelona  
Universidad de las Islas Baleares 
Mr. Pau de Vilchez Moragues  Professor Ajudant  International Public Law  
Universidad Politécnica de Cataluña 
Ms. Olga Alcaraz Sendra  Professor  
Ms. Aina Barberà Prats  
Mr. Daniel Boese  
Ms. Beatriz Escribano  Professor  
Mr. Jordi Mateu  
Mr. Martí Pardo Orra  
Ms. Laia Segura  
Ms. Rocío Tapias Criado  
Ms. Gisela Torrents  
Mr. Albert Turon  External Collaborator  
Mr. Pascal Vollenweider  
Mr. Josep Xercavins Valls  Professor  
Université Cadi Ayyad de Marrakech 
Mme Kahime Kholoud  Professor  Ecole Supérieure de Technologie d’Essaouira  
Université de Brest 
Ms. Charline Louise Angele Guillou  
Ms. Joelle France Simone Richard   
Université de Liège 
Mr. François Gemenne  Director  The Hugo Observatory  
Ms. Tatiana Castillo Betancourt  The Hugo Observatory  
Ms. Anneliese Depoux  
Mr. Andrew Haines  
Ms. Elodie Hut  Researcher  The Hugo Observatory  
Ms. Marjorie Milak  
Ms. Pauline Scheelbeek  
Ms. Caroline Zickgraf  Deputy Director  The Hugo Observatory  
Université de Montréal 
Mr. Mark David Purdon  President & Executive Director  
Mr. Hugo Séguin  
Université de Sherbrooke 
M. Gabriel Blouin-Genest  Assistant Professor  School of Applied Politics  
Mme Gaïa, Tally Febvre  School of Applied Politics  
Mme Julie-Christine Denoncourt  School of Applied Politics  
Mme Natalia Torres Orozco  School of Applied Politics  
Mme Léa Ilardo  School of Applied Politics  
M. Nicholas Poirier  School of Applied Politics  
Mme Samya Lemrini  School of Applied Politics  
Mme Andréanne Brazeau  School of Applied Politics  
Mme Lanie Dufour  School of Applied Politics  
Université Laval 
M. Géraud de Lassus Saint-Geniès  Chargé de cours  Faculté de Droit  
Université Libre de Bruxelles 
Ms. Chloé Aelvoet  Centre d’études du développement durable  
Ms. Rachel Ledieu  
Ms. Jovana Lippens  
Ms. Luna Macken  
Ms. María Alicia Campos Rosales  
Ms. Carola Klöck  
Ms. Virginie Arantes  
University College London 
Ms. Lisa Christina Vanhala  Professor  Political Sciences  
Mr. Nick Watts  Doctor and Executive Director  Lancet Countdown on Health and Climate Change  
Mr. Ian Hamilton  Associate Professor  Bartlett School of Environment, Energy and Resources  
Ms. Angelica Johansson  Political Science  
Mr. Lucas Somavilla  Researcher  
Ms. Alix Green  Geography  
Ms. Marina Belen Romanello  Researcher  Institute for Global Health  
Mr. Jake Sumner  Research  Institute of Innovation and Public Purpose  
Ms. Margaret Suh  Researcher  Geography  
University Corporation for Atmospheric Research 
Ms. Anji Seth  Professor  Geography  University of Connecticut  
Mr. Harry Zehner  Political Science  University of Connecticut  
Ms. Mara Tu  University of Connecticut  
Ms. Emma MacDonald  University of Connecticut  
Mr. Alexander Rezk  Unversity of Maine  
Mr. Spencer Kinyon  University of Connecticut  
Ms. Sarah Schechter  University of Connecticut  
Mr. Jonathan Patz  Professor  University of Wisconsin  
Mr. Martin Grady  Department of Human and Org Development  Vanderbilt University   
Mr. Oliver Sandreuter  College of Arts and Science  Vanderbilt University   
Ms. Emma Dundon  Nashville State Community College  
University Luigi Bocconi, Institute of Energy and Environment Economics and Policy 
Mr. Edoardo Croci  Research director  
  
University Luigi Bocconi, Institute of Energy and Environment Economics and Policy (continued) 
Mr. Mattia Bertin  Post-Doc Research Fellow  Department of Architecture and Arts  Universita Iuav di Venezia  
Ms. Maria Arantzazu Blanco  R+D+i Project Manager  KVELOCE I+D+i  
Ms. Benedetta Lucchitta  
University of Zurich 
Ms. Raphaela Andrea Kotsch  
Mr. Christian Baatz  Philosophy  University of Kiel  
Mr. Stefano Battiston  Professor  University of Zurich  
Mr. Johannes Ebeling  Managing Director  BioCarbon Group Pte Ltd  
Mr. Umamaheswaran Krishnan  
Mr. Gaston Meskens  Rd11 Expert Poster Presenter / Rf  University of Ghent  
Mr. Randy Muñoz Asmat  Department of Geography  
University of Adelaide 
Mr. Manuel Solis  Lecturer  Law School  
Mr. Michael Young  Professor  Economics  
University of Antwerp 
Mr. Moritz Dreyer  Sail to the COP  
Mr. Thomas Mohring  Sail to the COP  
Mr. Lander Wanters  Sail to the COP  
Ms. Anika Dafert  Sail to the COP  
Ms. Natalia Florence Berriman  Sail to the COP  
Ms. Daphne Cronin  Sail to the COP  
Mr. Joey Hodde  Sail to the COP  
Mr. Toon Maassen  Sail to the COP  
University of Applied Sciences Cologne 
Ms. Naznin Nasir  PhD Researcher  Durham University  
Mr. Mohammad Feisal Rahman  Research Coordinator  International Centre for Climate Change and Development  
University of Calgary 
Ms. Chui-Ling Tam  Professor  Geography  
Ms. Pui-Ling Tam  
Mr. Jeremy John Escobar Torio  Geography  
Ms. Sharon Lorene Mascher  Professor  Law  
University of California 
Ms. Margaret Leinen  Director  Scripps Institution of Oceanography  
Mr. Susheel Adusumilli  UC San Diego  
Ms. Maya Becker  UC San Diego  
Ms. Megan Bettilyon  Manager - Policy and Research  Global Good  
Ms. Leticia Cavole  UC San Diego  
Ms. Simona Clausnitzer  UC San Diego  
Mr. Thomas Corringham  Researcher  UC San Diego  
Mr. Matthew Costa  Postdoctoral researcher  UC San Diego  
Mr. Travis Courtney  UC San Diego  
Ms. Julia Dohner  UC San Diego  
Ms. Daniela Faggiani-Dias  UC San Diego  
Ms. Erica Ferrer  UC San Diego  
Ms. Natalya Gallo  
Mr. Talor Gruenwald  UC San Diego  
Ms. Lisa Levin  Professor  UC San Diego  
Ms. Lillian McCormick  Researcher  UC San Diego  
Mr. Robert Monroe  Information Officer  UC San Diego  
Mr. Boyang Pan  UC San Diego  
Mr. Pablo Rodriguez Ros  UC San Diego  
Ms. Melissa Rosa  UC San Diego  
Ms. Kristin Rounds  UC San Diego  
Ms. Andrea Sanchez-Aldana Davidson  UC San Diego  
Mr. Kirk Sato  Scripps Institution of Oceanography  
Mr. Rishi Sugla  UC San Diego  
Ms. Kelly Swiech  Program Analyst  UC San Diego  
Mr. David Victor  
Ms. Kara Voss  UC San Diego   
University of California (continued) 
Mr. Richard Widick  UC Santa Barbara  
Ms. Areidy Beltran  UC Berkeley  
Ms. Julie Gorecki  UC Berkeley  
Ms. Frances Roberts-Gregory  UC Berkeley  
Mr. Lorenzo Rosa  UC Berkeley  
Ms. Cara Horowitz  Professor  UCLA School of Law  
Mr. Edward Parson  Professor  UCLA School of Law  
Ms. Maria Cristina Tirado Blazquez  
Ms. Idalmis Vaquero  UCLA  
Mr. Alex Wang  Professor  UCLA School of Law  
Ms. Shelby McClelland  Colorado State University  
Mr. Jacob Wilentz  Vanderbilt University  
Ms. Sarah Harrison  Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs  UK Government  
University of Cambridge 
Ms. Beverley Cornaby  Programme Manager  Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership  
Ms. Clara Tianqi Ma  Department of Politics and International Studies  
Ms. Pascale Anne Samantha Palmer  Senior Media Advisor, CISL  
Ms. Cristina Peñasco Paton  University Lecturer in Public Policy  
Department of Politics and International Studies  
Ms. Judith Plummer Braeckman  Senior Researcher  Cambridge Institute of Sustainability Leadership  
Mr. Hector Pollitt  Director, Cambridge Econometrics  
Mr. Martin Porter  Senior Associate  Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership  
Ms. Annabelle Roblin  Project Coordinator  Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership  
Ms. Nina Seega  Research Director for Sustainable Finance  Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership  
Ms. Daniella Tilbury  Commissioner for Sustainable Development  HM Government of Gibraltar  
University of Cape Town 
Ms. Jesse Burton  
University of Colorado at Boulder 
Ms. Casey White  Environmental Studies  
Mr. Felipe Benitez  Communications Consultant  
Ms. Annika Jewel Cobb  Environmental Studies  
Mr. Rishiraj Das  Program Officer, MRV & Pathways  GCF Task Force  
Ms. Colleen Mary Scanlan Lyons  Project Director  GCF Task Force  
Ms. Michelle Siqueira Ferreira Steuernagel  Associate Director of Events and Outreach  GCF Task Force  
University of Connecticut 
Mr. Mark Urban  Associate Professor  Ecology & Evolutionary Biology, University of Connecticut  
Ms. Lou Anne Reich Cooley  School of Law  
Ms. Lauren Ann Pawlowski  Environmental Studies & Economics  
Ms. Megan Elizabeth Ferris  Environmental Sciences  
Mr. Michael John Goccia  Economics & Management  
Ms. Caroline Duchette  Indiana University  
Ms. Barbara M Moss  Student  Indiana University  
Ms. Preeti Alluri  Indiana University  
Ms. Emily Katherine Strahan  Emory University  
Ms. Domenica Borja  Emory University 
Mr. Sean Andrew Goggin  Undergraduate Student  Emory University  
Ms. Elaina Marie Sanders Hancock  University Relations Associate  Office of Communications  
University of Copenhagen 
Mr. Emmanuel Raju  Assistant Professor  Department of Public Health  
Ms. Beatriz Martinez Romera  Assistant Professor  Faculty of Law   
University of East Anglia 
Ms. Kyinzom Dhongdue  
Mr. Matthew William Jones  
Ms. Elah Matt  Researcher  Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research  
Ms. Dechen Palmo  
Mr. Niko Alexander Schäpke  
University of Eastern Finland 
Mr. Kari Lehtinen  Professor of Atmospheric Physics and Chemistry and Head of Department  Applied Physics  
Ms. María Eugenia Recio Piva  PhD Researcher  Law School / Centre for Climate, Energy and Environmental Law  
University of Edinburgh 
Mr. Alexander Tudhope  
Mr. Ed Craig  
Ms. Maria Soledad Garcia Ferrari  
Mr. Andrew Millar  
Ms. Kirsteen Shields  
Ms. A. Meriwether Wilson  
University of Exeter 
Mr. Richard Betts  
Ms. Alissa Haward  
Mr. A K M Saiful Islam  Professor  WMO/UNEP Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  
University of Freiburg, Institute of Forest and Environmental Policy 
Ms. Ekaterine Mikadze  
Mr. Kai Thiry  University of Freiburg, 
International Forestry Students’ Association  
Ms. Emmi Katariina Riikonen  
Ms. Anna Bucci  
Ms. Salina Abraham  
University of Genoa 
Ms. Adriana Del Borghi  Professor  
Ms. Michela Gallo  Assistant Professor  CE.Si.S.P.  
University of Hamburg 
Mr. Stefan Cihan Aykut  Junior Professor  Social Economy  
Ms. Emilie D’Amico  Department of Socio-Economics  
Mr. Jan Klenke  GIGA  
Mr. Prem Raj Neupane  Senior Researcher  World Forestry  
Mr. Felix Schenuit  Sozialökonomie / Soziologie  
University of Hawaii 
Mr. Kekoa Andrade  William S. Richardson School of Law  University of Hawai’i at Manoa  
Ms. Carly Avezzano  Univ. Hawaii / Global Kids  
Ms. Izamar Capellan  Univ. Hawaii / Global Kids  
Ms. Shirleen Sing Joo Chin  Advocacy & Strategic Partnerships  Ecological Defence Integrity  University of Hawai’i at Manoa  
Ms. Rachel Goldberg  William S. Richardson School of Law  University of Hawai’i at Manoa  
Ms. Shea Henson  William S. Richardson School of 
Law  University of Hawai’i at Manoa  
Ms. Sarah Louise Sheets  University of Hawai’i at Manoa  
Ms. Miranda Steed  William S Richardson School of Law  
University of Heidelberg 
Mr. Maximilian Jungmann  Executive Manager  Heidelberg Center for the Environment  
Mr. Julius Hoderlein  
Ms. Desiree Link  
Mr. Tobias Matusch  Managing Director  Department of Geography, Heidelberg University of Education  Chair on World Heritage and Biosphere Reserve Observation and Education UNESCO  
Mr. Benedikt Rilling  Institute of Political Science  
Ms. Karlijn van den Broek  Heidelberg Center for the Environment 
University of Helsinki 
Ms. Maria Brockhaus  
Ms. Karoliina Sofia Hurri  
Ms. Grace Wong Mun Yee  
Ms. Anna Aino Maria Isotalo  
University of Illinois 
Mr. Brandon Derman  Environmental Studies  
Ms. Lucy Perlman  Environmental Studies   
University of Leeds 
Mr. Piers Forster  Professor  Priestley Centre, School of Earth and Environment  
Ms. Deborah Rosen  Constrain Science and Policy Manager  Priestley Centre, School of Earth and Environment  
Ms. Kaitlyn Adriana Jauregui  Goizueta Business School  Emory University  
Mr. Kenji Michael Goto  Goizueta Business School  Emory University  
University of Linköping 
Mr. Mathias Fridahl  Researcher  
Mr. Omry Baleli  Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona  
Ms. Lorena Olivia Delgado  MP Swedish Parliament  
Mr. Guillermo Fernández Valderas  Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona  
Ms. Marie Esther Francisco  Research assistant  
Ms. Mathilde Lemaire  Research assistant  
Mr. Björn-Ola Linnér  Professor  Linköping University  Forum for Reforms and Entrepreneurship  
Ms. Brindusa Nistor  Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona  
Ms. Alice Owen  School of Environment and Technology  University of Brighton  
University of Maryland 
Mr. Nathan Hultman  School of Public Policy  
Ms. Christina Bowman  Manager, Energy & Climat  Public Policy Center for Global Sustainability  
Mr. Leon Clarke  Research Professor; Research Director  Center for Global Sustainability  Pacific Northwest National Laboratory  
Ms. Shannon Kathleen Kennedy  Program Manager  Public Policy  
Ms. Jiehong Lou  Graduate Student  Public Policy  
Mr. Anand Patwardhan  Panel Member of Adaptation  School of Public Policy  Global Environment Facility  
University of Melbourne 
Mr. Don Henry  Professor  Melbourne Sustainable Society Institute  
Mr. Alister Self  Climate and Energy College  
University of Michigan 
Mr. Avik Swapnasish Basu  
Mr. Dominic Bednar  
Mr. Zachary Berquist  
Ms. Yu-Ting Lo  
Ms. Sabrina Vivian  
Ms. Annalisa Wilder  
Ms. Fantasia Williams  
Ms. Alexa White  
Ms. Ellen Abrams  
Ms. Sarah Bellaire  
Ms. Elena Essa  
Ms. Amanda Farthing  
Mr. Juan Jhong Chung  
Mr. Akash Shah  
Ms. Kate Vogel  
University of Minnesota 
Ms. Kristi Louise Kremers  Director of Graduate and Faculty Leadership Programs  Institute on the Environment  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Ms. Jane O’Malley  Graduate Student  Humphrey School of Public Affairs  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Mr. Joshua Thompson  Student  Humphrey School of Public Affairs  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Ms. Michele Germaine Marquis Girard  Student  Humphrey School of Public Affairs  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Ms. Erica Blevins  Student  Humphrey School of Public Affairs  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Ms. Kristen Mastel  Librarian  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities   
University of Minnesota (continued) 
Mr. Nathan George Vikeras  Student  Humphrey School of Public Affairs  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Ms. Michelle Jenneman Garvey  Professor  Gender, Women, & Sexuality Studies  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Ms. Rose M Brewer  Professor  African American & African Studies  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Mr. Timothy Michael Smith  Professor  Bioproducts & Biosystems Engineering  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Ms. Kimberly Byrd  Professor  Institute on the Environment  University of Minnesota- Twin Cities  
Ms. Katherine Therese Barry  Graduate Program Coordinator  Department fo Ecology, Evolution & Behavior  
University of Nijmegen 
Ms. Heleen de Coninck  Researcher  Environmental Science  
Mr. Adrian Lauer  Coordinator  Climate Strategies  
Ms. Nila Fariza Azilia Patty  Lumiguide  
Mr. Bas Tuenter  Cell Biology  
Ms. Pippi van Ommen  Sail to the COP  
University of North Carolina 
Ms. Megan Lynn Raisle  
Ms. Evelyn Morris  
Ms. Jaya Mamas  
Mr. Jorge Raul Martinez  
Ms. Ana Clara Rivero Garcia  
Ms. Beatriz Daniela Marmolejo Ovando  
Mr. Deiber Gerardo Quesada Ramirez  
Ms. Joel Enrique Peña Panichine  Greenpeace International  
University of Oslo 
Ms. Jessica Owley Lippmann  Professor  School of Law  
Mr. Richard Wallsgrove  Assistant Professor of Law  William S. Richardson School of Law  University of Hawai’i at Manoa  
University of Oxford 
Mr. Thomas Nathan Hale  Associate Professor  Blavatnik School of Government  University of Oxford  
Mr. Joshua Arens  Researcher  School of Geography and the Environment  
Mr. Benjamin Caldecott  Senior Advisor  Green Finance Institute  
Mr. Alexander Clark  School of Geography and the Environment  
Ms. Kaitlyn Guy  Researcher and PhD  Department of Politics and International Relations  
Ms. Hannah Nicholas  MSc Student Researcher  School of Geography and the Environment  
Ms. Tania Estefany Risco Ruiz  Researcher, MSc  School of Geography and the Environment  
Ms. Lisa Schipper  Research Fellow  University of Oxford  
Ms. Lisa Thalheimer  Research Student  ECI, School of Geography and the Environment  
Ms. Lucie Qian Xia  Department of International Development  University of Oxford  
University of Reading 
Ms. Rosalind Cornforth  Director, Walker Institute  
Ms. Elizabeth Celia Petty  Visiting Senior Research Scientist  Walker Institute  
Mr. Graham Walker  Senior Research Fellow  Walker Institute  
Sra. Gilka Rocha Vasconcelos Da Silva  Walker Academy Coordinator, Agricultural Research Scientist  Walker Institute  
Ms. Carys Cunningham  Postgraduate Research Scientist  Walker Institute  
Ms. Elaine Halliday  Postgraduate Research Scientist  Walker Institute  
Mr. Jacob Myers  Knowledge Management Officer  Walker Institute  
Ms. Grace Deepa Senapathi  Senior Research Fellow, Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services  Walker Institute   
University of Southern Denmark  
Ms. Katarzyna Alicja Wieszczeczynska  Research Assistant  
Ms. Corina Ioana Angheloiu  Researcher  
University of St. Gallen, Institute for Economy and the Environment 
Mr. Simon Herr  Research Associate  IPW-HSG  
University of Sussex - Sussex Energy Group 
Ms. Olivia Taylor  Department of Geography  
Ms. Clementine Cowton  Director  External Affairs  Octopus Energy  
Mr. Franco Ivan Gonzalez Zenteno  Science Policy Research Unit (SPRU)  
University of Technology Malaysia 
Mr. Chin Siong Ho  Professor  Department of Urban and Regional Planning  
Mr. Loon Wai Chau  Senior Lecturer  Urban and Regional Planning  
Mr. Boyd D Jouman  Lead / Senior Vice President  Resilient Environment  Iskandar Regional Development Authority  
University of Texas at Austin 
Ms. Katherine Duncker Romanak  Research Scientist  Jackson School of Geosciences  
Mr. Luciano Livio Correa Vivar  
Mr. David Alexander  University of Trinidad and Tobago  
Mr. Donnie Boodlal  
Mr. Andrew Jupiter  
University of Tokyo 
Ms. Kotone Kagami  Science 1  Faculty of Arts and Sciences  The University of Tokyo  
Ms. Leah Han  Department of Interdisciplinary Sciences  Faculty of Arts and Sciences  The University of Tokyo  
Ms. Qiao Wang  Graduate Program in Sustainability Science  Global Leadership Initiative  The University of Tokyo  
Ms. Riho Isaji  Faculty of Medicine  The University of Tokyo  
Ms. Emma Benarsi Saraff Marcos  Global Society Program  Graduate School of Arts and Sciences  The University of Tokyo  
Ms. Jelena Aleksejeva  Graduate Program in Sustainability Science  Global Leadership Initiative  The University of Tokyo  
Mr. Kazumi Muraki  1st Grade Student  Natural Sciences 1  The University of Tokyo  
Ms. Yuma Hideshima  Graduate School of Frontier Sciences  The University of Tokyo  
Mr. Gen Hayakawa  Department of Civil Engineering  Faculty of Engineering  The University of Tokyo  
University of Toronto 
Mr. Matthew Hoffmann  
Mr. Raul Reyes  
Ms. Christine Leclerc  
Ms. Teresa Kramarz  
Ms. Naomi Butterfield  
Ms. Emily Stutzman  
Ms. Micaela Tam  
Ms. Zahireen Tarefdar  
Ms. Rutu Patel  
Ms. Grace Ma  
University of Vermont 
Mr. Asim Zia  Professor of Public Policy & Computer Science  Community Development and Applied Economics & Computer Science  
Ms. Caitlin Waddick  Executive Director  Social Permaculture and Resilient Communities for Sustainability  
University of Washington 
Ms. Kristie Lee Ebi  Professor  Center for Health and the Global Environment  
Ms. Deborah Morrison  Research Scientist  College of Education  
University of Waterloo 
Mr. Simon Christian Glauser  Managing Director  Interdisciplinary Centre on Climate Change  
Mr. Muhammad Ahmed  
Ms. Valentina Castillo Cifuentes  
Ms. Ann Fitz-Gerald  Director  Balsillie School of International Affairs   
University of Waterloo (continued) 
Ms. Lowine Stella Hill  
Ms. Alexandra Cornelia Lesnikowski  Postdoctoral Fellow  Interdisciplinary Centre on Climate Change  
Ms. Verity Tao Martin  
Ms. Janetta Joan-Marie McKenzie  
Ms. Isha Rana  Graduate Student  
Mr. Ian Rowlands  Professor & Associate Vice-President, International  Faculty of Environment  
Ms. Brooklyn Connie Alexandra Rushton  Graduate Student  
Uppsala University 
Ms. Carmen Rosa Medina Llanos  Dr  Office for Science and Technology  
Mr. Fredrik Teodor Björklund  Project Manager  Foundation for Collaboration between the Universities in Uppsala, Business, and the Public Sector  
Ms. Mirja Elisabeth Benkovic Cedercrantz  Project Manager  Foundation for Collaboration between the Universities in Uppsala, Business, and the Public Sector  
Mr. José Pedro da Silva Soares  Research Assistant  Department of Earth Sciences  
Mr. Gregory Marcel Davies - Jones  
Mr. Donald Lehr  
Ms. Grace Maharaj  
Ms. Elaine Carey Mumford  
Mr. Charles Francis Parker  Associate Professor  Department of Government  
Ms. Nellie Suzanna Smit  
urgewald e.V. 
Mme Ildiko Schücking  Campaign Director  
Ms. Julia Bingler  Press Officer  
Mme Katrin Ganswindt  Campaigner  
Mme Lucie Pinson  European Coordinator  Unfriend Coal  
Vanderbilt University  
Mr. Mark Abkowitz  
Ms. Joyce Kariuki  
Ms. Christina Woodrow  
Ms. Hannah Bruns  
Mr. Kelson Reiss  
Ms. Rashmi Jha  
Ms. Gabrielle Guarna  
Ms. Emma Willey  
Mr. Luis Martinez  
Mr. Joseph Sexton  
Ms. McKalee Steen  
Ms. Kelsea Best  
Vasudha Foundation 
Mr. Srinivas Krishnaswamy  CEO  Programme and Policy  
Vermont Law School 
Mr. Arturo Brandt  Adjunct Faculty  
Mr. Brent William Habig  Vice President, International Program  Institute for Sustainable Communities  
Ms. Xiaoling Yu  External Relations Manager  China Office  Institute for Sustainable Communities  
Mr. Lei Zeng  ISC China Country Director  China Office  Institute for Sustainable Communities  
Verra 
Mr. David Antonioli  CEO  
Ms. Naomi J Swickard  Chief Market Development Officer  
Mr. Angelo Francesco Sartori Ruilova  Manager, REDD+ Market Development  
Mr. Sam Hoffer  Director, Verra Programs  
Ms. Carina Bracer  Market Development Manager  
Victoria University Wellington 
Ms. Selina Sen Chan  
Mr. Jason George Boberg  Law  
Ms. Tiana Monica Huia Jakicevich  Delegate  Law  
Ms. Jamie Rishworth  Victoria University of Wellington  
Ms. Chloe Bernadette Rumsey  Law  
Vikalp 
Mr. Himanshukumar Banker  Managing Trustee  VIKALP  
Mr. Miguel Lopez Delgado  Voluenteer  Networking  
Mr. Muttiah Yogananthan   
Viracao Educommunication 
Mr. Vicente de Paulo Pereira Lima  Director  Communication  
Ms. Caterina Anselmi Kaiser  Educator  Education  
Mr. Pietro Castellani  Educator  Education  
Ms. Giulia De Paoli  Educator  Education  
Mr. Simone Ferrari  Educator  Education  
Ms. Silvia Lazzeri Zanoni  Educator  Education  
Ms. Ana Sofia Marques Henriques  Educator  Education  
Mr. Joaquim Marques Ramos Pinto  Educator  Education  
Mr. Arturo Martín Varas  Educator  Education  
Mr. João Paulo Mello Amaral  Educator  Education  
Ms. Andreea Corina Murafa Benga  educator  education  
Ms. Elisa Poletto  Educator  Education  
Mr. Germán Sanz Calvo  Educator  Education  
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University 
Mr. John Asbury McGee III  Professor  Forest Resources and Environmental Conservation  
Ms. Stella Zucchetti Schons Do Valle  
Ms. Lynn Michelle Resler  Professor  Geography Department  
Mr. Owen Callahan  
Mr. Ryan Patrick Mahoney  Forest Resources and Environmental Conservation  Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University    
Mr. Luis Marcelo Tavares de Carvalho  
Vitae Civilis Institute for Development, Environment and Peace 
Ms. Ana Amélia Campos Toni  
Mr. Delcio Rodrigues  Board Chair  
Mr. Luiz Augusto Barroso  Instituto E+  
Mr. Victor Andrade Carneiro da Silva  
Ms. Marina Gandra Camargo de Barros Oliveira  
Mr. Daniel Contrucci  
Sra. Larissa Correia de Amorim  Casa Fluminense  
Sr. Marcelo De Camargo Furtado  Diretor Executivo  Alana Foundation  
Ms. Laura de Castro Lamonica  
Mr. Gilberto de Martino Jannuzzi  
Ms. Ana Leonardo Nassar de Oliveira  Institute for Transportation and Development Policy  
Ms. Daniela de Ulhôa Cintra Opice  
Ms. Michelle Ferreti  
Mr. Alexandre Gaio  MPPR  
Mr. Rafael Gandara Calabria  
Mr. Ricardo Lindenberg Gravina  
Ms. Giovanna Marques Kuele  
Ms. Juliana Pontes de Lima  
Ms. Lavinia Rocha de Hollanda  
Mr. Klaus Ludwig Schilling Maciel  
Mr. Frederico Seifert dos Santos  
Mr. Ronaldo Seroa da Motta  
Mr. Henrique Silveira de Souza  
Ms. Cassia Maria Siqueira Marques da Costa  RAPS  
Ms. Monica Sodré Pires  Executive Director  RAPS  
Vivre en Ville 
Mr. Simon Beaudoin Gagnon  Étudiant à la maîtrise  Science politique  Université de Montréal 
Wageningen University 
Mr. Martin Herold  
Ms. Veronique De Sy  
Ms. Sarah Carter  
Mr. Jeremy Sterling  Climate Studies / Science and Review  Wageningen University and Research Centre  
Ms. Natalie Orentlicher  Commonland Foundation  
Ms. Tabitha Gathoni Muriuki  Environmental Science Group   
Washington University 
Ms. Frances Martin  Senior Lecturer, Env. Studies  Washington University in St. Louis  
Ms. Isabelle Blouin  
Ms. Dana Rose Brown  
Ms. Heather Rose Croshaw  
Mr. Rex Rustin Davenport  
Ms. Fiona Margaret Eckert  
Ms. Maria Paula Gonzalez Espinel  
Mr. Saransh Gothi  
Ms. Julia Greensfelder  
Mr. Noah Frank Hagen  
Mr. Canaan James Hancock  
Ms. Elizabeth Grace Kehoe  
Ms. Michaela Koke  
Ms. Erin Grace Meller  Washington University in St. Louis  
Ms. Sara Francesca Mesiano  
Ms. Caitlin Gail Rankin  
Ms. Tamsen Lynn Reed  
Mr. Joseph Steensma  Professor  Public Health  
Ms. Caroline Grace Suppiger  
Ms. Cassidy Meredith Sykes  
Ms. Kailun Yin  
Water Safety Initiative Foundation 
Mr. Kai Zimmermann  
Welthungerhilfe 
Ms. Virginia Careri  Directeur de Programmes  Programme Madagascar  
Mr. Paul Raymond Emile Delas  Wash Expert  
Wetlands International 
Mr. Arthur Philip Neher  Senior Technical Officer Climate Smart Land Use  
Mr. Simon Lewelyn Lewis  Professor  School of geography  University of Leeds  
Ms. Regina Cathryn Lovett  Head of Advocacy and Communications  
Ms. Amanda del Río Murillo  Technical manager  Coordination  Fundación Global Nature  
Ms. Lucilla Minelli  Senior Advocacy Officer  Communication  
Widener University 
Mr. John Charles Dernbach  Professor of Law  School of Law  
Ms. Kathryn Yorkievitz  
Wildlife Conservation Society 
Ms. Wang Stephanie  Senior Program Manager  Conservation Solutions  
Mr. Tom Clements  Senior Director-Europe  
Mr. Thomas Evans  
Mr. Christopher Jordan  Central America and Tropical Andes Coordinator  Global Wildlife Conservation  
Ms. Alexa Montefiore  
Mr. Jeremy Radachowsky  Mesoamerica  
Mr. Gustavo Silva-Chavez  Policy Advisor  
WindEurope 
Mr. Iván Pineda Pineda  
Mr. Pablo Alcaraz Marta  
Mr. Juan Carlos Rucián Castellanos  
Mr. Jan Christopher Frey  
Mr. Pedro Huarte-Mendicoa  
Mr. Juan Virgilio Marquez  Asociación Empresarial Eólica  
Mr. Markus Michael Tacke  
Ms. Raphaelle Vallet  
Windward Fund 
Ms. Kristen King  Communications Manager  We Mean Business Coalition  
Ms. Bindu Bhandari  Climate Interactive  
Mr. Rajiv Joshi  Special Advisor, Mission 2020  
Mr. Florian Kapmeier  University of Reutlingen  
Mr. Thomas Charles Rivett-Carnac  Advisor, Mission 2020  
Winrock International 
Mr. John Peter Kadyszewski  Senior Director  Environmental Resources Trust  
Mr. Eron Bloomgarden  Executive Director  Emergent Forest Finance Accelerator  
Mr. Michael Cote  Project Director  Clean Energy  
Ms. Meghan Doherty  Senior Program Associate  PMF  
Ms. Mary Grady  Deputy Director  American Carbon Registry  
Mr. Christopher Hancock  Sr. Communications Officer  Corporate Affairs  
Ms. Jennifer Norfolk  Associate Director  Forestry and Natural Resources Management   
Winrock International (continued) 
Ms. Frances Seymour  Distinguished Senior Fellow  World Resources Institute  
Mr. Anmol Vanamali  PIER  
Women Engage for a Common Future 
Ms. Anne Barre  Gender and Climate Policy Coordinator  
Ms. Linda Exenberger  
Ms. Annabelle Avril  
Mr. Clive Chibule  Project Officer  
Ms. Sascha Ariane Gabizon  Executive Director  
Sra. Maria del Mar Gonzalez Aragon  
Ms. Hanna Gunnarsson  Project Manager and Junior Gender Expert  Climate Action Network - Europe  
Ms. Jamila Idbourrous  UCFA  
Ms. Audrey Ledanois  
Ms. Sonita Mbah  Better World Cameroun  
Mr. Riyad Mucadam  
Ms. Fatou Ndoye  
Ms. Julia Sanchez Tapias  
Ms. Zénabou Segda  Women Environmental Programme  
Women Environmental Programme 
Ms. Abaagu Anne-Marie Torkwase  Director  
Ms. Priscilla Mbarumun Achakpa  Executive Director  
Mr. John Baaki  Senior Programme Manager  Climate Change Department  
Mr. Chidiebere Ugwu  
Ms. Evelyn Terundu Ugbe  Programmes  
Ms. Juliana Avershima Agema  Head of Admin  
Ms. Kwaghdoo Sussan Agber  
Ms. Kristina Maria Stehling  Programmes  
Mr. Ibrahim Al-Amin Al-Amin  Programs  
Women Organizing for Change in Agriculture and Natural Resource Management 
Ms. Jeannette Denholm  Executive Director  
Ms. Maria Lee  Assistant Director  Women Organizing for Change in Agriculture and Natural Resource Management  
Ms. Lauren Eastwood  Associate Professor  Department of Sociology  
Women’s Earth and Climate Caucus 
Ms. Osprey Orielle Lake  Executive Director  
Ms. Sonia Bone de Sousa Silva Santos  Uma gota no Oceano  
Ms. Daiara Hori Figueroa Sampaio  
Ms. Kathryn Diane Horinek  
Ms. Katherine Jean Quaid  Communications Coordinator  
Ms. Nina Sicha Siren Gualinga  
Ms. Sumak Helena Siren Gualinga  
Women’s Environment and Development Organization 
Ms. Bridget Burns  Director  
Ms. Tara Daniel  Program Manager  
Mr. Lean Deleon  Agenda 2030 & SDGs Program Associate  
Ms. Shaila Shahid  Gender Advisor  
Ms. Elizabeth Jane Thipphawong  Project Coordinator  
Ms. Trupti Biplabketan Jain  Manager  
Ms. Sevidzem Ernestine Leikeki  Social and Legal Officer  Cameroon Gender and Environment Watch  
Ms. Anastasia Maylinda Titilestari  Project Coordinator  YAKKUM Emergency Unit  
Ms. Pauline Lançon  Project Officer  Univers-Sel  
Ms. Kelerayani Gavidi  Program Manager  femLINKpacific Media Initiatives for Women  
Ms. Mwanahamisi Singano  Program Manager  African Women’s Development and Communication Network  
Ms. Fredica Baguma Baryatuha  Action for Rural Women Empowerment  
Ms. Marie Christina Kolo  NGO Coordinator  Indian Ocean Climate Network  
Ms. Neha Gupta  Information and Communications Officer  Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development  
Ms. Maka Monture  Indigenous Delegate   
Women’s Environment and Development Organization (continued) 
Ms. Vania Rebeca Olmos Lau  Youth Delegate, UNFCCC  Youth4Nature Initiative  Climate Guides Foundation  
Ms. Claire Wang  
Ms. Dayana Alieth Pinilla Velasquez  Young Feminist Fellow  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Jenny Paola Prieto Tocora  Young Feminist Fellow  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Florence Caroline Naomi Wangui Kamonji  Young Feminist Fellow  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Vanessa Daza Castillo  Young Feminist Fellow  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Alejandra Guzman Narvaez  Young Feminist Fellow  FRIDA The Young Feminist Fund  
Ms. Gülcan Nitsch  CEO  Yesil Çember ökologisch interkulturell gGmbH  
Ms. Kera Sherwood-O’Regan  
Ms. Chiara Arena  Youth representative  
Ms. Carolina Bonache  Youth Sustainable Solutions Project Manager  Plan International  
Ms. María Veronica Bastías Gonzalez  Regional Coordinator Latin America and the Caribbean  The Global Network of Civil Society Organisations for Disaster Reduction  
Mr. Jonas Kampus  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Ms. Lena Bühler  Swiss Youth for Climate  
Ms. Melissa Jiménez Gómez Tagle  Youth4Climate  
Ms. Abigail Saiah  
Ms. Concepción López García  General Director  Plan International Spain  
Ms. Benedetta Nimshani Khawe Thanthrige  Environmental Risks and Human Security Institute  United Nations University - Institute for Environment and Human Security  
Ms. Ana Hernández  Plan International  
Ms. Kristen Pittenger  
Ms. Eslem Sevval Demirel  
Mr. Elijah Kenneth Gabriel McKenzie-Jackson  
Ms. Helena Gonzalez Martinez  Producer  Survival Media Agency  
Ms. Elena Rotger Piza  Videographer  Survival Media Agency  
Mr. Saad Malik  Mitglied FFF Berlin  Forests and Farmers Foundation  
Ms. Afusat Jagun Jubril  University of Ibadan  
Ms. Nayua Miriam Alba Goveli  Advocacy Manager  Plan International  
Ms. Julia López Duque  Communications and Campaigns Manager  Plan International Spain  
Mr. Matteo Briganti  Coordinator of Youth Sustainable Solution Unit  Plan International Spain  
Mr. Patrick-Wilhelm Gustav-Paul Larm  FFF Germany  
Ms. Rikke Damgaard Nielsen  Fridays For Future Denmark  
Ms. Sarina Theys  British International Studies Association  
Ms. Slavjanka Radevska  Coordinator for Climate Justice  Journalists for Human Rights  
Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom 
Ms. Giovanna Pagani  Honorary-President  
Ms. Maria Pilar Gegúndez Cámara  WILPF Member  
Ms. Maria Nembo  WILPF Member  
Ms. Taniel Yusef  International Liaison  
World Alliance of Young Men’s Christian Associations 
Ms. Silke Bölts  
Ms. Emmanuelle Makunga  
Ms. Marie Katharina Bäumer  
Mr. Alejandro Calatrava Durán  
Ms. Julia Carrillo Piedra  World Alliance of Young Men’s Christian Associations - YMCA  
Mr. Nguyen Cao Danh  
Ms. Nora El Ghalmi El Bekry  
Mr. Jesús Fernandez Funcia  
Mr. Ossama Ghailan Ghailane El Hassani  
Mr. Mohamed Yasser Haddad Eddahmane  
Ms. Claudia Lopez Ros   
World Alliance of Young Men’s Christian Associations (continued) 
Mr. Ricardo Moyano Macías Muñoz  
Ms. Gemma Cristina Pachacama Llumipanta  
Ms. Jezabel Estefania Peña Romero  
Mr. Daniel Johan Jacob Samuelsson  
Ms. Beatriz Temprano  
Ms. Nina Valin  
World Bioenergy Association 
Mr. Bharadwaj Kummamuru Venkata  Executive Director  
Mr. Oscar Espinosa Mijares  
Mr. Zygmunt Gzyra  
Mr. Heinrich Kopetz  Senior Consultant  
Mr. Remigijus Lapinskas  President  
Mr. Avinash Narayanaswamy  
Mr. Mauro Prestipino  
World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
Mr. Peter Bakker  CEO & President  President’s Office  
Ms. Maria Mendiluce  Managing Director  
Ms. Diane Holdorf  Managing Director  Food & Nature  
Mr. Karl Vella  Climate Policy Manager  Climate and Energy  
Mr. Michael Ofosuhene-Wise  Associate  Climate & Energy  
Mr. Nicolas Jammes  Director of Communications  
Mr. Takao Aiba  Project General Manager  Environmental Affairs Div. Advanced R&D and Engineering Company  Toyota Motor Corporation  
Ms. Priscilla Alvarenga  Manager Social Responsibility  Sustainability  Votorantim Cimentos  
Mr. Antoine Badinier  Deputy Vice President  Sustainable Development Division  Electricité de France  
Mr. Javier Bonaplate Revilla  Head of Strategic Projects  ArcelorMittal  
Mr. Christopher Brown  Vice President  Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability  Olam International Ltd.  
Mr. Maxime Bureau  Director, Government Affairs, Europe & MEA  3M  
Ms. Madalena Callé Lucas  Head of International, Policy and Global Partnerships  Corporate Sustainability Department  EDP Energias de Portugal  
Mr. Luis Castilla  CEO, Infrastructure  Infrastructure  Acciona  
Mr. Luca De Giovanetti  Manager, Science-based Targets  Cities & Mobility  
Ms. Dimovska Donika Ivanova  Earth Security Group  
Mr. Brendan Edgerton  Director  Circular Economy  
Mr. Lorenzo Esposito Caserta  Climate Policies and Market Mechanisms  HSEQ  Eni S.p.A.  
Mr. Andreas Follér  Head of Sustainability  Public and Sustainability Affairs  Scania CV AB  
Mr. Alexis Gazzo  Partner  Climate Change & Sustainability Services  EY  
Ms. Manon Guillou  Project Manager  Sustainable Mobility  Michelin  
Ms. Sophie Emma Hall  Communications Manager  Climate & Energy  
Ms. Susanne Kat  Food & Nature Policy Manager  
Mr. Andrew Knepp  Head of Environmental Strategy & Industry Activation  Public Affairs and Sustainability  Bayer Crop Science  
Mr. Fernando Lutiis Silveira Martins  Expert Vice President  Corporate Sustainability  Bain & Company  
Mr. Rafael Mateo  CEO, Energy  Acciona  
Mr. Jean Pierre Maugendre  Sd Deputy Manager  Suez  
Mr. Kogen Ryu  Manager  Corporate Sustainability & CSR Department  Mitsubishi Corporation  
Mr. Erwan Saouter  Director  Climate & Energy  
Mr. Glenn Schmidt  Vice President  Market Communications  BMW Group  
Mr. Gayle Schueller  Vice President & Chief Sustainability Officer  Sustainability & Product Stewardship  3M   
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (continued) 
Mr. Anthony Siantonas  Director  Climate Smart Agriculture  
Ms. Dalma Somogyi  Manager - Climate Smart Agriculture  Food, Land and Water Program  
Mr. Duncan Van Bergen  Vice President Nature Based Solutions  New Energies  Shell  
World Coal Association 
Mr. Liam McHugh  Policy Manager  
World Conference of Religions for Peace 
Ms. Blanca Lucia Echeverry Bedoya  Colombia Program Coordinator  Interfaith Rainforest Initiative  
World Council of Churches 
Mr. Per Henrik Gunnar Grape  Coordinator  Working Group on Climate Change  
Ms. Athena Peralta  
Ms. L Joy Kennedy  WCC Working Group on Climate Change  
Mr. Peter Pavlovic  
Mr. Ibrahim Kebba Saidy  Imam  Dar-ul-Salaam Mosque - Oslo - Norway  Islamic Council of Norway  
Mr. Glen Kernell  Executive Director  The Native American Comprehensive Plan  United Methodist Church  
Mr. Alfredo Abad Heras  
Ms. Arianne van Andel  
Mr. Dinesh Suna  
Ms. Larisa Skuratovskaya  
Ms. Grace Ji-Sun Kim  Professor of Theology - Writer  
World Economic Forum 
Ms. Emily Louisa Farnworth  Head of Climate Change Initiatives  Centre for Global Public Goods  
Mr. Dominic Kailashnath Waughray  Head of Public-Private Partnerships  WEF  
Ms. Teresa Hartmann  Project Lead, Climate Initiatives  Centre for Global Public Goods  
Ms. Antonia Gawel  Head, Circular Economy Initiative  Centre for Global Public Goods  
Ms. Leticia Kawami  Climate Lead  
World Energy Council 
Mr. José Antonio Vargas Lleras  Vice Chair Latin America & the Caribbean  
Mr. Arcadio Gutiérrez Zapico  
World Evangelical Alliance  
Ms. Melody Zhang  
Mr. Fernando Primo Forgioni  
Ms. Lindsay Mouw  
Mr. Daniel Huntsha  
Ms. Victoria Arau  
Ms. Shana Rose  
World Farmers’ Organisation 
Mr. Theo De Jager  President  
Ms. Veronica Barbati  
Ms. Hannelore Maria B. Beerlandt  
Mr. Cornelis Blokland  
Mr. Stefaan Maurice A Bonte  
Mr. Richard John Bower  World Farmers’ Organisation - WFO  
Mr. José Carlos Caballero Rubiato  
Mr. Gonzalo Corrales  
Ms. Sarah Wood Crofoot  
Ms. Cecilia Dardes  
Mr. Olivier , Louis, Marie Dauger  FNSEA  
Mr. Christoph Daun  
Ms. Maria Giulia De Castro  Policy Officer  
Ms. Rachel Ronel De Jager  
Ms. Valeria Di Marzo  Communications Officer  
Mr. Abdelmajid Ezzar  
Ms. Arianna Giuliodori  Secretary General  
Ms. Tiina Marianne Huvio  
Ms. Stelanda Joseph  
Ms. Catty Kaddiss  
Mr. Cryspin Kayitare  
Mme Carole, Nathalie, Anne-Laure Le Jeune  chargée de mission  FNSEA  
Ms. Danielle Elizabeth Lee  
Ms. Diana Lenzi  
Mr. Ignacio Lopez - Garcia Asenjo  
Mr. Jannes Maria Maes  
Ms. Elizabeth Nsimadala  
Mr. Neils Peter Nørring  
Mr. Auxtin Ortiz Etxeberria   
World Farmers’ Organisation (continued) 
Mr. Arnold, Jean-François, Armand, Marie Puech Pays d’Alissac  
Ms. Ambra Raggi  
Mr. Lorenzo Ramos Silva  
Mr. Mahess Roopun  
Mr. Juan Maria Sagarna Garcia  
Ms. Anne Marie Schwagerl  
Mr. Gunsham Seeborun  
Ms. Dimakatso Sarah Sekhoto  
Mr. Tobias Skovbjerg Gräs  Policy Advisor  
Ms. Suzanne Maureen Swart  
Ms. Brenda Saskia Tlhabane  
Mr. Gabriel Miguel Trenzado Falcon  
Mr. Cornelis Van Zelderen  
Mr. Javier Velazquez  Universidad Católica de Ávila Santa Teresa de Jesús  
Ms. Paola Villavicencio Calzadilla  
Ms. Luisa Volpe  Head of Policy Development  
World Federation of Engineering Organizations 
Mr. Darrel John Danyluk  Chair  Climate Change Adaption Committee  
Mr. Davide Stronati  Global Sustainability Leader  Mott MacDonald  
Ms. Denisse Salas Crespo  Swiss Engineering  
Mr. Tomas Sancho  General Manager  Fulcrum y Sers Engineering Group  
Ms. Maria J Prieto Laffarque  Past President  Executive  
World Future Council 
Ms. Anna Skowron  Programme Manager  Climate Energy  
Mr. Stefan Schurig  Director  Climate Energy  
Ms. Naemie Dubbels  Team Assistant Climate & Energy  
Ms. Carmen Molina Borrás  Responsable de Sensibilización  Amigos de la Tierra Asociación Civil  
World Green Building Council, Inc. 
Ms. Maria Cristina Gamboa  Chief Executive Officer  
Sr. Emilio Miguel Mitre  Director of International Affairs  Green Building Council España  
Sra. Salomé Herce Lerma  Head of Corporate Communications  Green Building Council España  
World Medical Association 
Ms. Loujain Alkodmani  International Relations Officer  Kuwait Medical Association  
Mr. Ankush Kumar Bansal  Family Physician M.D.  Florida Clinicians for Climate Action  Florida International University  
Ms. Elizabeth Ann Wiley  Physician Lead (WUPCC) & Co-Site Faculty for Scholarship (UBC)  University of British Columbia  
Mr. Jaehyeon Jang  Public Health Doctor  Korean Intern Residents Association  
Mr. Lwando Nando Mzuvukile Maki  Public Health Medicine Resident  University of Pretoria  
Mr. Amro Diaa Monier Elsayed Aglan  General Practitioner  Ministry of Health-Egypt  
World Ocean Council 
Mr. Paul Holthus  Chief Executive Officer  
World Ocean Network 
Mr. Manuel Cira  Director  
Mr. Francisco José Franco del Amo  Technical Manager  Aquarium Finisterrae  Museos Científicos Coruñeses  
Ms. Anne Théau  Initiatives Climat  
World Organization of the Scout Movement 
Mr. Juan Reig Serrano  
World Resources Institute 
Mr. Andrew Steer  President & Ceo  
Mr. Carter Brandon  Senior Fellow  Governance  
M. Rebecca Carter  Deputy Director  Climate Resilience  
Mr. Subrata Chakrabarty  Manager  Climate  
Mr. Timothy Constien  Project Coordinator  International Climate Action  
Ms. Yamide Regine Colette Dagnet  International Climate Action  
Ms. Taryn Fransen  Senior Fellow  Climate   
World Resources Institute (continued) 
Mr. Chirag Mahenbhai Gajjar  Lead Mitigation, Climate  Vasudha Foundation  
Mr. Rhys Gerholdt  Communications Manager  Climate Program  
Ms. Henrieke Jonker  WRI Europe Liaison, Climate  
Ms. Nisha Krishnan  Finance Action Track Lead  Global Commission on Adaptation  
Ms. Paige Langer  Project Coordinator  Forests Program  
Ms. Noemie Leprince-Ringuet  International Climate Action Initiative  
Mr. Joaquim Levy  Board Member  
Mr. Leonardo Martinez  Global Director  Finance Center  
Mr. David McGinty  Global Director  PACE  
Ms. Fiona McRaith  Research Analyst  Executive Office  
Ms. Jemima Marie Mendoza  International Climate Action Initiative  
Ms. Helen Mountford  Director  New Climate Economy/Economics  
Mr. Michael Oko  Director of Strategic Communications and Media  
Mr. Tom Owen Edmunds  Consultant, FOLU  
Mr. Peter Rajadiston  Deputy Head of Office, UKCCU  
Ms. Cristina Rumbaitis del Rio  Action Track Co Manager  
Ms. Lauren Sidner  Associate  Sustainable Finance Center  
Mr. Ranping Song  Senior Associate  Climate Program  
Mr. Joe Frederick Thwaites  Finance Center  
Ms. Angélica María Vesga Rodriguez  Director of Communication and Public Affairs  Climate Communications  
Mr. David Waskow  Director, International Climate Initiative  Climate Program  
World Steel Association 
Ms. Åsa Ekdahl  Head of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Andrew Purvis  Director, Safety, Health and Environment  
World Union of Small and Medium Enterprises 
Mr. Norbert W. Knoll  General Secretary  
Mr. Gbown Dogad Dogoui  WUSME Ambassador  
World Water Council 
Ms. Chiara Christina Colombo  Project Officer  Policy and Programs  
Mr. Yoshihide Wada  Director  Water Program  International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis  
World Wind Energy Association 
Mr. Khalid Benhammou  WWEA  Sahara Wind  
Worldwatch Institute 
Mr. Alexander Ochs  Director  Climate & Energy  Worldwatch Institute  
Ms. Ieva Indriunaite  Senior Fellow  Climate & Energy  LEDS Global Partnership  
Wuppertal Institute for Climate, Environment and Energy 
Mr. Wolfgang Obergassel  Project Coordinator  Energy, Transport and Climate Policy  
Mr. Christof Arens  Project Coordinator  Energy, Transport and Climate Policy  
Ms. Leonie Bremer  
Ms. Carmen Maria Dienst  Project Coordinator  Future Energy and Mobility Structures  
Ms. Sabine Drees  Head of International Relations  Deutscher Städtetag  
Mr. Lukas Hermwille  Research Fellow  Energy, Transport and Climate Policy  
Mr. Nicolas Kreibich  Research Fellow  Energy, Transport and Climate Policy  
Mr. Oliver Lah  Head of Unit  Wuppertal Institute  
Mr. Noah Lah  Youth Representative  Urban Electric Mobility Initiative  
Mr. Willington Ortiz Orozco   
WWF 
Mr. Mark Lutes  Senior Advisor: Global Climate Policy  WWF-CEP  
Ms. Yamin Wang  Director, REpowering Asia from Coal to Clean Energy Impact Initiative  WWF China  
Ms. Inga Fritzen Buan  Senior Advisor  WWF Norway  
Sra. Vanessa Perez Cirera  Practice Deputy Leader  WWF CEP  
Mr. Manuel Pulgar-Vidal  Leader, Climate and Energy Practice  WWF Climate and Energy Practice  
Mr. Marco Lambertini  Director General  WWF International  
Ms. Fernanda Viana de Carvalho  Global Policy Manager  Climate and Energy Practice  
Ms. Mandy Woods  Head of Communications and Campaigns  WWF Climate and Energy Practice  
Mr. Sandeep Chamling Rai  Senior Advisor: Global Adaptation Policy  WWF International  
Mr. Bradley Thomas Schallert  Deputy Director, International Climate Cooperation  WWF USA  
Ms. Barbara Andrea Cornejo Sesnic  Campaign Manager  WWF UK  
Sra. Raquel García Monzón  Energy officer  WWF Spain  
Ms. Marianne C Panuncio-Feldman  Senior Director, International Climate Cooperation  WWF USA  
Ms. Fentje Jacobsen  Policy Advisor C&E  WWF Germany  
Mr. Dipesh Joshi  Lead: Climate and Energy  WWF Nepal  
Mr. Alexey Kokorin  Director, Climate and Energy Program  WWF Russia  
Mr. Gareth Redmond-King  Head of Climate and Energy  WWF UK  
Ms. Josefina Braña-Varela  Senior Director, Forest & Climate Program  WWF USA  
Ms. Hyejin An  Programme Officer, C&E  WWF Korea  
Ms. Genevieve Maricle  Knowledge and Innovation Manager  WWF CEP  
Sra. Lennys Rivera Albarracín  Energy transition officer  WWF Spain  
Mr. Pierre Cannet  Acting Conservation Direction  WWF France  
Mr. Alexander Sorud Farsan  Global Lead - Science Based Targets  WWF France  
Ms. Aslihan Tumer Bilgici  Head of Campaigns  WWF International  
Ms. Liana Vetch  Proposal Development Manager  WWF CEP  
Ms. Manjyot Ahluwalia  Senior Program Officer  WWF USA  
Mr. Vu Quoc Anh  Climate Change Working Group Coordinator  WWF Vietnam  
Ms. Dana Brunner  Executive Assistant  WWF CEP  
Ms. Shasha Chen  Senior Programme Officer  WWF China  
Sr. Juan Carlos Del Olmo Castillejos  CEO  WWF Spain  
Mr. Michael Schaefer  Director Climate & Energy  WWF Germany  
Mr. Daniel Carrillo  Media and Content Coordinator  WWF Chile  
Ms. Juliette Eliane Mya Daigre  Head of Communications & Fundraising  WWF Scotland  
Mr. Mark Griffiths  Global Leader Climate Business Hub  WWF Germany  
Ms. Andrea Maussa Acuna  Media and content consultant  WWF Colombia  
Mr. Solani Mhango  Conservation Director  WWF Mozambique  
Mr. Victor Nyambok  Communications Manager  WWF Africa  
Sr. Eduardo Canina  Conservation Analyst - Climate  WWF Brazil  
Mr. Rodrigo Catalan  Conservation Director  WWF Chile  
Sr. Ricardo de Assis Mello  Amazon Coordinator  WWF Brazil  
Sr. Edegar de Oliveira Rosa  Conservation and Restoration Director  WWF Brazil  
Ms. Yacqueline Montecinos  Marine Biodiversity Officer  WWF Chile  
Sr. Alexandre Prado  Green Economy Director  WWF Brazil   
WWF (continued) 
Mr. Laurent Magloire Some  Africa Lead, Policy & Partnership  WWF ROA  
Mr. Martin Sommerkorn  Head of Conservation  WWF Arctic Programme  
Ms. Suchismita Mukhopadhyay  Associate Director, CC&E  WWF India  WWF  
Ms. Maria Del Mar Asunción Higueras  Head of climate and energy  WWF Spain  
Sra. Maria Ximena Barrera  LAC Policy Coordinator  WWF LAC  WWF  
Mr. Stephen Cornelius  Chief Advisor - Climate Change  WWF UK  
Mr. Marcel Dupuis  Green Finance Senior Advisor  WWF NL  
Ms. Nevin Asli Gemci  Senior Policy Specialist  WWF Turkey  
Mr. Oscar Guevara  Climate Adaptation Specialist  WWF Colombia  WWF  
Ms. Daniela Varon Rey  Policy officer  WWF Colombia  
Mr. Trevor Walter  Landscape Program and South American Forest and Restoration Alliance Coordinator  WWF Chile  
Mr. Hugo Bluet  Green Finance Program Officer  WWF France  
Sra. Perla Cecilia Martinez Lozano  Member of Alliance for Climate Action  Monterrey, Mexico  WWF  
Ms. Ninel Geraldine Escobar Montecinos  Climate Adaptation Coordinator  WWF Mexico  
Mr. Rafael Senga  Global Energy Policy  WWF Philippines  WWF  
Mr. Ricardo Daniel Kaufmann Sommella  Photographer  Consultant  World Wide Fund for Nature  
Ms. Jennifer Lenhart  Global Lead, WWF Cities  WWF Sweden (at WWF Chile)  World Wide Fund for Nature  
Ms. Alima Taju  Senior Natural Capital Officer  WWF Mozambique  World Wide Fund for Nature  
Mr. Ryan Bartlett  Lead, Climate Risk Management, Climate Adaptation  WWF USA  
Ms. Elisabeth da Costa  Vice President  Swiss Sustainable Coffee  
Mr. Ryan Finnegan  Programme Officer  WWF USA  
Ms. Emelin Gasparrini  Program Associate, Communications  WWF USA  
Ms. Margaret Kuhlow  Finance Practice Leader  WWF Finance Practice  
Mr. David Kuhn  Senior Program Officer, Climate Adaptation and Resilience  WWF USA  
Mr. Shaun Martin  Acting Lead, Climate and Energy  WWF US  
Ms. Pauli Merriman  Policy Manager, Oceans Practice  WWF Oceans Practice  WWF  
Mr. Elan Potts Strait  Director, Climate Campaigns  WWF USA  
Mr. Carlos Gustavo Tanides  Climate and Energy Specialist  Fundacion Vida Silvestre Argentina  World Wide Fund for Nature  
Mr. Kevin Taylor  Senior Programme Officer  WWF USA  
Ms. Julika Tribukait  Project Coordinator Mangroves  WWF Germany  
Sra. Claudia Bahamon  
Ms. Melanie Gade  Manager  Foundation Relations  WWF - USA  
Mr. Jonathon Will Gartshore  Deputy Director, Government Affairs and Advocacy  World Wildlife Fund US  
Ms. Jacqueline Joshua  Consultant  WWF CEP  
Ms. Stephanie J. Shapiro  Environment and Climate Network  American Alliance of Museums  
Mr. Edith Verhoestraete  WWF EPO  
Sr. Joan Sebastian Jaimes Villalobos  LatinWE  
Mr. James Ritchotte  Director  Climate Mayors  
Yale Student Environmental Coalition 
Ms. Katie Lynn Schlick  Co-President  
Ms. Haley Anna Leslie Bole  
Mr. Kenneth Xu  Treasurer  
Ms. Sofia Andromahi Menemenlis  Yale Department of Geology & Geophysics, Jackson Institute for Global Affairs   
Yale Student Environmental Coalition (continued) 
Ms. Laura Gwendolyn Wheeler  
Mr. Selah Bell  Executive Chair  
Ms. Sophie Latham  Project Chair  
Ms. Anna Wilkinson  Project Chair  
Ms. Jamie Chan  New Haven Relations Coordinator  
Mr. Nicholas Famularo  Social Chair  
Ms. Annabel Remudo  Yale Animal Welfare Alliance  
Mr. Jon Michel  Secretary  
Ms. Lindsay Hogan  
Ms. Rayna Caldwell  
Ms. Beatriz Machado Granziera  
Ms. Sofia Teresa Caycedo  
Mr. William AJ Freeman  
Mr. Martin John Grady Jr.  
Ms. Maria Rosa Mosquera Losada  
Ms. Sanjana Sidhra  
Mr. Daniel Csonth  
Ms. Simona Mercedes Clausnitzer  
Ms. Carolin Hildebrandt  
Yale University 
Mr. Samuel Corden  
Mr. Oscar Crespo Pinillos  
Mr. Trevor Dolan  
Mr. Austin Dziki  
Mr. Kareem Hammoud  
Mr. Lucas Isakowitz  
Mr. Robert Little  
Ms. Tiffany Mayville  
Mr. Benjamin Daniel Soltoff  
Ms. Evelin Toth  
York University 
Ms. Idil Boran  Associate Professor  Department of Philosophy  
Mr. Joseph Ramesh Pallant  Community Scholar  Dahdaleh Institute for Global Health Research  
Mr. Kam Jyhming Phung  PhD Candidate  Schulich Centre of Excellence in Responsible Business  
Mr. Richard Mitchell  Professor  Child and Youth Studies  Brock University  
Ms. Terran Lee Giacomini  La Via Campesina  
Mr. Jose Etcheverry  Associate Professor  Faculty of Environmental Studies  
Mr. William Gagnon  Green Buildings Specialist  Northern Centre for Sustainability  Ecology North  
Ms. Christina Emily Hoicka  Assistant Professor  Faculty of Environmental Studies  
Mr. Matthew Hampson  Master’s Student  Disaster and Emergency Management  
Ms. Angele Alook  Assistant Professor  School of Gender Studies, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies  
Mr. Rodrigo Andrade  Diálogo Energético, Minero y Extractivo Latinoamericano  
Ms. Dale Colleen Hamilton  Graduate Student  Faculty of Environmental Studies  
Mr. Christopher Hakes  
Young Energy Specialists - Development Cooperation 
Mr. Sybren Paul Bosch  Chairman  
Ms. Natalia Aleksandrova  Board member  
Mr. Duco Maurits Coops  
Ms. Carlotta Ferri  
Ms. Ushosee Roy  
Ms. Gabriëlle Lily Smith  Vice-president  
Ms. Irma Madeleine Alinka Stegmann  Board member  
Mr. Ligin George Thomas  
Young Power in Social Action 
Mr. Mohammad Shahjahan  Deputy Director  KM4D Department  
Zhenjiang Green Sanshan Environmental Public Welfare Service Center   
Mr. Ming Zhu  
Ms. Wen Sun  
Ms. Shuangling Wang Ye  
ZOI Environment Network 
Mr. Otto Simonett  Director  
Mr. Viktor Novikov  Project officer 
