Albania 
H.E. Mr. Edi Rama  Prime Minister of the Republic of Albania  
H.E. Ms. Mirela Furxhi  Minister  Ministry of Tourism and Environment  
H.E. Ms. Frida Krifca  Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Eneida Rabdishta  Expert  Directorate of Policies and Strategies for Development of Environment  Ministry of Tourism and Environment  
Mr. Erion Veliaj  Mayor of Tirana  
Mr. Eduard Sulo  Albanian Ambassador to Egypt  
Ms. Odeta Barbullushi  Advisor to the Prime Minister for Western Balkans and EU Affairs  
Mr. Marc Ghorayeb  Non-resident Advisor for Middle East  
Ms. Artenida Duraku  Director  Department of Integration, Coordination, Assistance and Agreements  Ministry of Tourism and Environment  
Ms. Jona Suli  Head of the Sector  Sector of EIA and SIA  Ministry of Tourism and Environment  
Mr. Erjon Uka  Advisor for Media and Communication to the Minister of Tourism and Environment  Minister's Cabinet  Ministry of Tourism and Environment  
Mr. Enea Karakaçi  General Director  General Directory of Policies for Energy and Industry Development  Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy  
Ms. Alesia Shala  Secretary of the Minister  Ministry of Tourism and Environment  
Algeria 
H.E. Mr. Abdelmadjid Tebboune  President of the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria  
H.E. Mr. Ramtane Lamamra  Minister of Foreign Affairs and the National Community Abroad  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Community Abroad  
H.E. Ms. Samia Brahamia  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Manel El Ayoubi  Director of Environment and Sustainable Development  General Directorate of Multilateral Relations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Community Abroad  
Mr. Athmane Mehadji  Deputy-Director  General Directorate of Multilateral Relations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Community Abroad  
Mr. Mohamed Bouakkaz  Consellor  Presidency of Republic Services  
Mr. Belkacem Laribi  Director General  Presideny of Republic Services  
Ms. Imene Akaour  Analyst  Commissionary of Renewable Energies and Energy Transition  
Mr. Mohamed Amari  Administrator  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Communauty Abroad  
Ms. Hanane Asmani  Director  Ministry of Energy and Mines  
Mr. Abdelatif Belkaim  mission head  Presidency of Republic services  
Mr. Belkacem Benmammar  Officer  Presidency of the Republic Algeria  
Mr. Mustapha Adnane Benyettou  Officer  Presidency of Republic Services  
Mr. Ramzi Chahine Bouakaz  Officer  Presidency of the Republic Algeria  
Mr. Mohamed El Amine Boudis  Communication Officer  Ministry of Environment and Renewable Energies  
Ms. Souhila Bouilouta  Deputy-Director  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Land Planning and Environment  
Mr. Mohamed Boussis  Deputy Director  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Abdelouahab Bouttout  Research Master  Ministry of Housing, Urbanism and the City  National Center of Studies and Integrated Research on Building  
Mr. Hamid Chebira  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and National Community Abroad  
Ms. Nadia Chioukh  Director  Office of the Renewable Energy Commissioner and Energy Efficiency  
Ms. Fazia Dahlab  Director  Ministry of Environment  
Algeria (continued) 
Mr. Mohamed Djafer-Cherif  Senior Lawyer  Ministry of Energy and Mines  Hydrocarbon Regulatory Authority  
Mr. Mohamed Amine El Robrini  Officer  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Abdelkader Fodil-Cherif  Director  Ministry of Energy and Mines  
Mr. Mohamed Fathi Gassemi  Officer  Ministry of foreign affairs  
Mr. Chakib Guernina  Officer  Ministry of Transports  
Ms. Imane Haroun  officer  Presidency of Republic Services  
Ms. Sara Ibadioune  Engineer  Ministry of Energy and Mines  
Mr. Yahia Kabeche  Officer  Presidency of the Republic Algeria  
Mr. Abdelkader Khidaoui  Officer  Presidency of Republic services  
Mr. Ali Kratbi  Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Samir Labreche  officer  Presidency of Republic Services  
Ms. Naouel Lamrani  Counsellor  Ministry of Energy and Mines  
Mr. Hadj Latreche  officer  Presidency of the Republic Algeria  
Ms. Kahina Lounis  Officer  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foriegn Affairs and the National Community Abroad  
Mr. Abdelaziz Makhlouf  officer  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Chemes-Eddine Manceri  Officer  Presidency of Republic Services  
Mr. Malik Mechhoud  Head of Department  Sonatrach  Ministry of Energy and Mines  
Mr. Hamza Merabet  Deputy-director  Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research  Centre for Development of Renewable Energy  
Mr. Daoud Nacer  Interpreter  Presidency of the Republic Algeria  
Ms. Djaouida Neggache  Deputy-director  Transports  Ministry of Transport  
Ms. Assia Oualikene  Deputy-Director  Ficheries  Ministry of Fisheries and Fish Productions  
Mr. Zahir Ouhocine  Officer  Ministry of Public Works, Hydraulics and Basic Infrastructures  
Ms. Sabrina Rachedi  officer  Miistry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Mohamed Tahar Sana  Officer  Presidency of Republic services  
Mr. Redouane Sefrani  Officer  Presidency of the Republic Algeria  
Mr. Rachid Ali Sekfali  officer  Presidency of Republic Services  
Mr. Kamel Sidi Said  officer  Presidency of Republic Services  
Ms. Mehdya Taallah  Deputy-Director  Ministry of Public Works, Hydraulic and Basic Infrastructures  
Mr. Mohamed Mahdi Youb  officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and National Community Abroad  
Andorra 
H.E. Mr. Xavier Espot Zamora  Prime Minister  Govern d'Andorra  
H.E. Ms. Silvia Calvó Armengol  Minister  Govern d'Andorra  
Mr. Marc Rossell Soler  Secretary of State for Agriculture and Sustainability  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Sustainability  Govern d'Andorra  
Mr. Carles Miquel Garcia  Director of the Energy and Climate Change Agency  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Sustainability  Govern d'Andorra  
Ms. Anna Boneta Herrero  Desk Officer of the energy and climate change Agency  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Sustainability  Govern d'Andorra  
Mr. Guillem Casal Font  Chief of Staff of the Head of Government  Govern d'Andorra  
Ms. Maria Cruz Rosell Nicolas  Head of Government Communication  Cabinet of the Head of Government  Govern d'Andorra  
Ms. Alba Noya Travesset  Third secretary  Ministeri d'Afers Exteriors  Govern d'Andorra  
Mr. Miquel Margalef i Simó  Communication officer  Communication services - Cabinet of the Head of Government  Govern d'Andorra  
Angola 
H.E. Ms. Ana Paula Chantre Luna de Carvalho Pereira  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Ms. Maria de Fátima Monteiro Jardim  Ambassador  FAO, FIDA  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
S.E. Sra. Paula Cristina Domingos Francisco Coelho  Secretary of State for Climate Action and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Giza Gaspar Martins  Director  Environment and Climate Action  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Nelson Manuel Cosme  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Angola  
H.E. Mr. Francisco Jose da Cruz  Ambassador  Permanent Mission of Angola to the African Union  
H.E. Ms. Esmeralda Bravo Conde da Silva Mendonça  Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Cecília Fernanda da Silva Bernardo  Director of International Relations  International Relations  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Jacinto Rangel Lopes Cordeiro Neto  Ambassador  Director of Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Manuel Augusto Xavier Junior  Director  Environment and Safety  Ministry of Mineral Resources, Petroleum and Gas  
Ms. Claudete Miguel do Sacramento e Sousa  Director  Office of the Vice President  Embassy of the Republic of Angola  
Ms. Tania Celia do Amaral Mandinga Barreto  Ministry of Fisheries  
Mr. Faustino Simao  Advisor  
Mr. Nara Machado Silveiro Manuel  Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Fernando Luis Sebastiao  Office of the Vice President  
Ms. Kátia Mariana S Epalanga Lutucuta  Sonangol  
Ms. Rosa Maria Ferreira Capequel  Minister Counsellor  
Ms. Estefánia Fernanda Q. de Almeida Kiteculo  Head of Department  Environment  Ministry of Mineral Resources, Petroleum and Gas  
Ms. Yema Flora dos Santos Silva  Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Neto Joaquim  Financial Attachet  Embassy of the Republic of Angola in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Efigenia Perpetua dos Prazeres Jorge  Advisor  Permanent Mission of the Republic of Angola to UNEP  
Mr. Guilherme de Aguiar Ventura  Director  Office of Safety and Environment  Ministry of Petroleum  
Mr. Pedro Samuel  Focal Point  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Gabriel Luis Miguel  Advisor  OAVPR  
Mr. Ezequiel Carlos Tiago  Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Angola  
Mr. Carlos Higinio Agusto Kapusso  Embassy of the Republic of Angola  
Mr. Nunes Pires  Ministry of Economy and Planning  
Ms. Maia da Conceicao Hanja  Advisor  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Carla Elisangela Freire dos Santos Barata  Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. David da Silva Mario  Press Attachet  Embassy of the Republic of Angola in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Antonio Miguel Melo  Embassy of Angola  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Decio Elvino Gonçalves de Faria  Sonangol  
Ms. Mariam Stela Josefino Filipe  Advisor  
Ms. Julia Indira Simoes Cassua  Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Angola  
Ms. Winne Nayole Neves Cadete  National Agency for Petroleum, Gas and Biofuels  
Ms. Imaculada da C. Antonio do Carmo  Advisor  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Augusta Morais de Andrade da Cruz  Advisor  Sonangol E.P.  
Mr. Victor Leonel A da Conceicao Miguel  Advisor  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Luís José Alves Fernandes  Sonangol  
Ms. Ronyse Esperança Vaz Contreiras Martins  Sonangol  
Angola (continued) 
Ms. Jandira Laura Ribeiro  Advisor  Prodel E.P.  
Ms. Maria da F T Proenca Nazareth  Advisor  
Mr. Marcio Ricardo de Assis Araujo  Advisor  
Mr. Joao Sergio de Andrade Silva  Advisor  
Mr. Ricardo Hapeni Hanfico  Advisor  
Mr. Sergio Roberto Nunes da Costa  Advisor  Embassy of the Republic of Angola in Italy  
Mr. Nuno Manuel Rui Cabeça  Advisor  OAPR  
Mr. Andre Pedro da Conceicao  Advisor  OAVPR  
Ms. Kamba Isabel Quibassa Paulo Viana  Advisor  OAVPR  
Mr. Benjane Semende Chissano  Advisor  
Ms. Nzinga Joana M Cardoso de Moura  Advisor  OAVPR  
Ms. Nayel Rogelia de O. Mendes Von-Haff  Advisor  OAPR  
Mr. Joao Alexandre Pataca Fernandes  Advisor  Ministry of Energy and Water  
Mr. Pedro Lando Bumba Canga  2º Secretário  da Representação de Angola, Junto das Nações Unidas no Quénia  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Paulo Taborda G. Cohen Pereira Guedes  Advisor  Sonangol E.P.  
Mr. Joao Felizardo da Silva  Advisor  
Mr. Andre Joao Malua Alfredo  Office of the Vice President  
Mr. Joao Antonio Dias  Office of the Vice President  
Mr. Honesio Pulson Ebo de Almeida  Office of the Vice President  
Mr. Heliodoro Abambres  Permanent Mission of Angola to FAO and FIDA  
Ms. Liudmulla Marilia A. Padrao da Silva  Office of the Vice President  
Mr. Jose Fidelino Angelo Camuenho  Advisor  Sonangol E.P.  
Mr. Edivaldo da Silva Praia  Advisor  OAVPR  
Mr. Miguel Domingos Antonio  Advisor  
Mr. Antonio Joao Damiao Gaspar  Advisor  
Mr. Jose Domingos Francisco  Advisor  
Mr. Velasco Cavalo Chipalanga  Advisor  
Mr. Bernabe Eduardo Samuel  Advisor  
Mr. Leao Vital Canco Chibui  Advisor  
Mr. Antonio Jose Mateus Domingos  Advisor  
Mr. Zeferino Tomas Dala  Advisor  
Mr. Mazarino Silvio Cahosso da Cunha  Advisor  
Mr. Lucas Safeca Laurindo  Advisor  
Mr. Wilson Celina Miguel  Advisor  
Mr. Joao Gomes  Advisor  Jornal de Angola  
Mr. Januario d Fonseca Cristovao  Advisor  
Mr. Antonio Armando Manuel  Advisor  Ecological Youth of Angola  
Antigua and Barbuda 
H.E. Mr. Gaston Browne  Prime Minister  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
H.E. Mr. Molywn Joseph  Minister  Ministry with responsibility for the Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
H.E. Ms. Diann Black-Layne  Ambassador for Climate Change  Department of Environment  Ministry with responsibility for the Environment  
H.E. Mr. Conrod Hunte  Lead Negotiator for Climate Change  Alliance of Small Island States  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. Lia Kupiec Nicholson  Advisor  Alliance of Small Island States  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Mr. Michai Robertson  Legal Advisor  Alliance of Small Island States  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Mr. Tumasie Coastain Blair  Lead Negotiator for Sustainable Development  Alliance of Small Island States  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Mr. Payam Akhavan  Professor  
Antigua and Barbuda (continued) 
Ms. Christa-Joy Burton  Project Officer  Department of Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. Ezra Christopher  Monitoring and Evaluation Officer  Department of Environment  Ministry of Health, Wellness and the Environment  
Ms. Frances Mary Fuller  Advisor  Alliance of Small Island States  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. Janeil Johnston  Geographic Information System Officer  Department of Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. Leslie-Ann Mills  Project Assistant  Department of Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Mr. Zachary Phillips  AOSIS Fellow  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. Angelique Pouponneau  Policy Advisor and Deputy Fellowship Director  Alliance of Small Island States  
Mr. Richard Bryce Rudyk  Legal Advisor  Alliance of Small Island States  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. Dornella Seth  Advisor  
Mr. Arry Simon  Climate Assessment and Information Officer  Department of Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. J'noure Smith  Assistant to the Minister  Ministry of Health, Wellness and the Environment  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Mr. Javier Spencer  Fellow  Permanent Mission of Antigua and Barbuda to the UN  Government of Antigua and Barbuda  
Ms. Sabrina Stein  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Argentina 
Sr. Santiago Cafiero  Ministro de Relaciones Exteriores, Comercio Internacional y Culto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores, Comercio Internacional y Culto  
Ms. María Cecilia Nicolini  Secretary of Climate Change, Sustainable Development and Innovation  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Sr. Claudio Javier Rozencwaig  Subsecretario de Política Exterior  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores, Comercio Internacional y Culto  
Ms. Florencia Mitchell  National Director of Climate Change  National Directorate of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Juan José Bahillo  Secretario de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  Secretaría de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  
Sr. Eduardo Antonio Varela  Embajador de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Sra. Corina Beatriz Lehmann  Directora  Dirección de Asuntos Ambientales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores, Comercio Internacional y Culto  
Sr. Adrián Daniel Serra  Titular de la Unidad de Relaciones Económicas y Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores, Comercio Internacional y Culto  
Sra. Alana Patricia Lomónaco Busto  Consejera  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Sr. Sebastián D’Alessio  Consejero  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Ms. María Victoria Gandini  Secretaria de Embajada y Consulesa de Primera Clase  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores, Comercio Internacional y Culto  
Sr. Alejandro Mitri  First Secretary of Embassy  Dirección de Asuntos Ambientales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores, Comercio Internacional y Culto  
Mr. Tomás María Ainchil  Secretary of Embassy, Third Class  Directorate of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Trade and Worship  
Mr. Martín Manuel Illescas  General Director of Projects with External Financing and International Cooperation  General Directorate of Projects with External Financing and International Cooperation  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Lucas Di Pietro Paolo  Adaptation Coordinator  National Directorate of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Argentina (continued) 
Ms. Nicole Makowski  Technical Advisor  Secretary of Climate Change, Sustainable Development and Innovation  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Ms. María Lourdes Manrique  Technical Advisor  National Directorate of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Ms. María Luz Falivene Fernández  Technical Advisor  National Directorate of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Ezequiel Jerónimo Liñán  Advisor  Secretary of Climate Change, Sustainable Development and Innovation  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Luis Alberto Panichelli  Technical Advisor  National Directorate of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Sra. María Cecilia Quaglino  Estudiante  Facultad de Química e Ingenieria del Rosario  Pontificia Universidad Católica Argentina  
Mr. Ariel Ernesto Martínez  Representante Especial de la Secretaría de Agricultura Ganadería y Pesca ante la 27 conferencia de las partes de la convención de cambio climático  Secretaría de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  
Mr. Juan Maximiliano Moreno  Director Nacional de Relaciones Internacionales  Secretaría de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  
Mr. Guillermo Marchesi  Asesor Legal  Secretaría de Agricultura, Ganadería y Pesca  
Sra. Andrea Celeste Saulo  Directora  Servicio Meteorologico Nacional  
Sr. Federico Danilo Granato  Presidente de la Administración de Parques Nacionales  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Mohamed Emam Barakat  Chofer del Embajada  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Sra. Hend Attia Youssef Farag  Asistente Personal del Embajador  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Sra. Seham Amin Ghaly Amin  Asistente del Jefe de la Sección Económica y Comercial  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Sr. Rania Aly Mahmoud Makhlouf  Asistente del Cónsul  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Sr. Ahmed Shokry Mohamed Mostafa  Asistente del Cónsul  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Sr. Osama Youssef Ahmed Aly Saleh  Chofer del Embajador  Embajada de la República Argentina en la República Árabe de Egipto  
Armenia 
Ms. Gayane Gabrielyan  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Artur Harutyunyan  Photographer to the President  
Mr. Arman Abrahamyan  
Ms. Lilit Abrhamyan  Head of Department  Water Policy  Ministry of Environment of the Republic of Armenia  
Mr. Conrad Albrecht  
Ms. Hasmik Aleksanyan  
Mr. Armen Asryan  Co-founder and Board of Trustees member  Aires Development Foundation  
Ms. Parandzem Avagyan  
Mr. Levon Azizyan  
Ms. Nona Budoyan  Head of Department  Climate Policy  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Allison Morrill Chatrchyan  
Mr. Mkrtich Dallakyan  
Ms. Sofya Geghamyan  
Ms. Sevan Gevorgyan  
Ms. Ani Ghukasyan  
Mr. Erik Grigoryan  
Ms. Valentina Grigoryan  
Mr. Andre Alainj Gumuchdjian  
Mr. Hayrapet Hakobyan  Facilitator of NDCs Implementation  
Mr. Gevorg Hakobyan  The Office of the President of the Republic of Armenia  
Ms. Diana Harutyunyan  Climate Change Programme Coordinator  
Mr. Ashot Hovanesian  
Ms. Yerazik Hoveyan  
Mr. Levon Karapetyan  
Mr. Varazdat Khshtoyan  
Ms. Evgeniya Klochkova  
Ms. Viktoriia Leonteva  
Ms. Lusine Manucharyan  
Mr. Aghasi Margaryan  
Mr. Armen Markosyan  
Mr. Vachik Martirosyan  
Mr. Rafayel Movsesyan  
Armenia (continued) 
Mr. Levon Nikolyan  
Mr. Narek Ohanyan  
H.E. Mr. Hrachya Poladyan  Ambassador of the Republic of Armenia to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Nune Sakanyan  
Mr. Tigran Samvelian  Head  Department of External Relations and Protocol  The Office of the President of the Republic of Armenia  
Ms. Lilia Shushanyan  
Mr. Tigran Sukiasyan  
Mr. Michael Vartanyan  Director  Spherical, Cornell University partner  Cornell University  
Australia 
Mr. Christopher Bowen  Minister for Climate Change and Energy  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Mr. Patrick Conroy  Minister for Defence Industry Minister for International Development and the Pacific  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Jennifer McAllister  Assistant Minister for Climate Change and Energy of the Government of Australia  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Ms. Joanne Evans  Deputy Secretary  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Ms. Kushla Munro  Head of Division, International Climate and Net Zero Pathways  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Sally Box  Head of Delegation  International Climate Negotiations Branch  Department of Climate Change Energy the Environment and Water  
Mr. David Higgins  Assistant Secretary, International Net Zero Branch  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Chao Feng  Director, Climate Insights and Analytics Section  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Anaiteraii Lewis  Markets  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Ms. Petra Aitken  Visits and Public Diplomacy Officer  Australian Embassy  
Mr. Alexander Archibald-Binge  Indigenous Network Representative  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Michael Belchamber  Executive Officer  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Ms. Amanda Brigdale  Australian Institute of Marine Science  Australian Government  
Mr. Steven Brine  Transparency/MRV  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Jaclyn Brown  Research Director, Climate Science Centre  Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation - Oceans and Atmosphere  
Ms. Sofia Connelly  First Secretary, Australian Embassy, Riyadh  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Ms. Katie Cook  Director  Department of Jobs, Tourism, Science and Innovation  
Ms. Claudia Cooney  Assistant Director  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Marco Corinaldesi  Federal Agent  Australian Federal Police  
Ms. Alexandra Crofton  Second Secretary, Australian Embassy, Abu Dhabi  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Mr. Matthew Dadswell  Assistant Secretary, Strategic Water Policy and Engagement Branch  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Mr. Mark Davis  Chief of Staff  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Veronica Doerr  Research Manager - Climate Change  Australian Centre for International Agricultural Research  Australian Government  
Ms. Peta Donald  Senior Media Advisor  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Australia (continued) 
Ms. Sophie Dubravs  Pavilion Team and Stakeholder Engagement  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Oliver Duchesne  Second Secretary -Political and Economic, Cairo Post  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Margaret Eddington  Loss and Damage  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Sam Elsom  
Mr. Philip Fitzgerald  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Julia Gardiner  Negotiator - Strategy lead Strategy and Action agenda  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Fiona Gilbert  Director, Climate Adaptation and Resilience Negotiations Section  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Kevin Goh  First Secretary, Australian Embassy, Cairo  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Ms. Nadine Gray  Assistant Director, COP27 Pavilion  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Lisa Hall  Director, Digital Earth Africa  Geoscience Australia  Australian Government  
Ms. Katherine Hancock  Markets and Inclusion cluster lead Markets  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Johanna Hopkins  First Secretary and Consul, Australian Embassy, Harare  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Ms. Harriet Horsfall  Assistant Director, Private Finance for Climate and Development  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Mr. Jared Huntley  Pavilion team and stakeholder engagement  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Andrew Jones  General Manager International Development  Bureau of Meteorology  Australian Government  
Ms. Tessa Kelly  Capacity Building/Action for Climate Empowerment  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Aaron Kirby  Mitigation cluster lead Global Stocktake/Periodic Review  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Ian Learmonth  Chief Executive Officer  Clean Energy Finance Corporation  
Ms. Sara Leong  Chief Asset Management Officer  Clean Energy Finance Corporation  
Mr. Anthony Liew  Assistant Director  Department of Foreign and Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Ms. Greemn Lim  Acting Assistant Director  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Mr. Samuel Lowe  Director  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Ilisapeci Lyons  CSIRO Technical Expert  Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation  
Ms. Kelly Matthews  Trade Commissioner and Counsellor-Commercial  Australian Trade and Investment Commission  Australian Government  
Ms. Kristy McCoy  Counsellor – Climate Change, Energy, Industry and Resources  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Lachlan McPhee  Policy Officer  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Ms. Lillian Mika  Policy Officer  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Luke Millar  Policy Officer, Climate Adaptation and Resilience Negotiations Section  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Australia (continued) 
Mr. Robert Miller  Assistant Director, Strategic Water Policy and Engagement Branch  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Darren Miller  Chief Executive Officer  Australian Renewable Energy Agency  
Ms. Shannon Miskelly  Assistant Director  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Ms. Eliza Mitchell  Senior Press Secretary  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Ms. Elise Murphy  Director – COP27 Pavilion Team  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Chenae Neilson  Assistant Director, Blue Carbon and International Partnerships, Environmental Science and Nature Based Solutions Branch  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Ms. Emily Pugin  Policy Officer  Sustainability and Climate Change Branch  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Justin Punch  Board Chair  Australian Renewable Energy Agency  
Mr. Reuben Ray  Chief of Staff  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Mr. Manuel Rivero  Research Team Leader  Australian Institute of Marine Science  
Mr. Mark Rodrigues  
Ms. Kate Rooney  Executive Support Officer  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Mr. Reuben Ross  Assistant Ministerial Support Officer  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Mr. Simon Roz  Ministerial Programs  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  Australian Government  
Ms. Britta Schaffelke  Research Program Director – Great Barrier Reef  Australian Institute of Marine Science  Australian Government  
Ms. Sanchia Tamwoy  Second Secretary Cairo Post  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Mahani Taylor  Assistant Secretary of Trade Market Access and International Division  Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry  Australian Government  
Ms. Kristen Tilley  Ambassador for Climate Change  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Erin Tomkinson  Counsellor  Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry  Australian Government  
Ms. Laura May Van Den Honert  Pavilion team and stakeholder engagement  Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water  
Mr. Axel Wabenhorst  Australian Ambassador to Egypt  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Mirabella Wawn  
Mr. Rhian White  First Secretary, Australian Embassy, Cairo  Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Australian Government  
Mr. Robert Willert  Federal Agent  Australian Federal Police  
Austria 
H.E. Mr. Alexander van der Bellen  Federal President of the Republic of Austria  
H.E. Ms. Leonore Gewessler  Minister  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
H.E. Mr. Magnus Brunner  Federal Minister for Finance  Federal Ministry for Finance  
Ms. Elfriede A. More  Deputy Director General  Directorate VI/9 - International Climate, Environment and Energy Affairs  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Mr. Helmut Hojesky  Director  Directorate VI/1 – General Climate Policy  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Ms. Julia Tiefengraber  Division III.9a - bi- and multilateral Climate, Environment and Energy Diplomacy  Federal Ministry for European and International Affairs  
Austria (continued) 
Ms. Cornelia Jäger  Directorate VI/1 - General Climate Policy  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Ms. Gertraud Wollansky  Senior Advisor  Directorate General VI - Climate and Energy  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Mr. Matthias Braun  Directorate VI/1 - General Climate Policy  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Ms. Angela Friedrich  Directorate VI/1 - General Climate Policy  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Mr. Jesus Garcia Latorre  Directorate VI/9 - International Climate, Environment and Energy Affairs  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Ms. Marie-Christine Hopfgartner  Directorate VI/1 - General Climate Policy  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Mr. Manfred Kohlbach  Directorate VI/1 - General Climate Policy  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Mr. Jakob Wiesbauer-Lenz  Directorate VI/1 - General Climate Policy  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Mr. Günter Liebel  Director General  Water Management  Federal Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry, Environment and Water Management  
Ms. Pia Paola Huber  Federal Chancellery  
Mr. Moritz P. Schwarz  Division I/9 - International Environmental Affairs  Federal Ministry for Finance  
Mr. Wolfgang Diernhofer  Head of Carbon Management Department  Kommunalkredit Public Consulting  
Ms. Maria Purzner  Expert  Federal Environment Agency  
Ms. Irmtraud Salzer  Deputy Head  Office of the Minister  Federal Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Ms. Antonia Reininger  Office of the Minister  Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Ms. Martina Stemmer  Spokesperson  Austrian Federal Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
Mr. Cajetan Perwein  Office of the Minister  Federal Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology  
H.E. Mr. Georg Stillfried  Ambassador  Austrian Embassy Cairo  
Ms. Sabine Kroissenbrunner  Austrian Embassy Cairo  
Ms. Nadia Said  Austrian Embassy Cairo  
Mr. Lukas Hammer  Member of Parliament  Austrian Parliament  
Mr. Oliver Korschil  Head of Cabinet of the Federal President  Office of the Federal President  
Ms. Monika Zach  Chief of Protocol of the Federal President  Office of the Federal President  
Ms. Shari Wein-Wislocki  Advisor  Office of the Federal President  
Ms. Theresa Gral  Spokesperson of the Federal President  Office of the Minister  Cabinet of the Federal President  
Mr. Dietmar Schuster  Director General  Federal Ministry for Finance  
Mr. André Buchegger  Federal Ministry for Finance  
Mr. Michael Buchner  Federal Ministry for Finance  
Mr. Rupert Reif  Federal Ministry for Finance  
Ms. Katharina Isabella Hermann  Federal Ministry for Finance  
Mr. Thomas Zehetner  WWF  
Mr. Joachim Raich  SÜDWIND e.V.  
Mr. Dieter Drexel  Association of Industrialists  
Mr. Markus Oyrer  Environment and Energy Policy Division  Austrian Chamber of Commerce  
Ms. Iris Zerlauth  Youth Delegate  CliMates Austria  
Mr. Philipp Steininger  Youth Delegate  CliMates Austria  
Azerbaijan 
H.E. Mr. Mukhtar Babayev  Minister  Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources  
Azerbaijan (continued) 
Mr. Firdovsi Aliyev  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources  
Mr. Emin Garabaghli  Head of Division for International Cooperation  Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources  
Ms. Umayra Taghiyeva  Director of National Hydrometeorology Department  Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources  
Mr. Fuad Farzalibayov  Director  Division of UN and Global Economic Organizations of the Department of Economic Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tural Mammadov  Asistant to the Minister  
Mr. Nijat Nematov  
Mr. Elmar Hasanov  
Mr. Anar Guliyev  Chairman  State Urban Planning and Architecture Committee  
Mr. Eldar Salahov  Head  International Cooperation and Protocol  
Mr. Sultan Hajiyev  
Bahamas 
H.E. Mr. Philip Davis  Prime Minister and Minister of Finance  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Leo Ryan Pinder  Minister for Legal Affairs Attorney General  Attorney General  The Government of The Bahamas  
H.E. Mr. Clay Sweeting  Minister of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture  The Government of The Bahamas  
Mr. Jerome Fitzgerald  Senior Policy Advisor  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Rochelle Newbold  Special Advisor on Climate Change and Environmental Matters  Climate Change Advisory Unit  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Nikita Charles Hamilton  Climate Change Advisor  Climate Change Advisory Unit  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Larissa Cartwright  Advisor on Environment and Climate Change  Climate Change and Environmental Unit  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Christine Thompson  Deputy Director  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Anthony Ferguson  Financial Advisor  
Mr. Clint Watson  Press Secretary, Office of the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Trevor Basden  
Mr. Lyrone Burrows  
Mr. Garth Butler  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Sumayyah Cargill  
Ms. Jasmond Collie  Youth Representative  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. David Davis  Permanent Secretary  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Dellon Evans  
Mr. Ulrich Fox  Ambassador  
Ms. Bradisha Fraser  Photographer  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Ellison Greenslade  High Commissioner  Bahamas High Commission Unite Kingdom  
Mr. William Hamilton  
Ms. Maria Hield  Administrator  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Dwina Higgs  Civil Society Bahamas  
Ms. Jacinta Higgs  Education Consultant  Civil Society Bahamas  
Ms. Daisry Higgs  ACE Focal Point  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Talmadge Jones  
Ms. Sandra Kemp  
Ms. Kajah Knowles  Youth Representative  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Marchea Mackey  Thrid Secretary  Bahamas High Commission to United Kindgom  
Ms. Trayetter Maycock  Environmental Planning and Protection  
Mr. Ricardo Moss  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Rhianna Murphy  Ministry of the Environment and Housing  
Ms. Karen Panton  Executive Director  Bahamas Protected Area Fund  
Ms. Calae Philippe  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Keith Philippe  Environmental Planning and Protection  
Ms. Gina Pierre  Administrative Officer  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Ian Poitier  Strategy, Policy and Communications Advisor  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Latrae Rahming  Director of Communications  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Ashawnte Russell  
Mr. Kemico Sands  MINISTRY OF Foreign AFFAIRS  
Bahamas (continued) 
Mr. Wilberforce Seymour Jr.  Advisor to the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Nikita Shiel-Rolle  Cheif Executive Officer  Young Marine Explorers  
Mr. Kevin Simmons  
Mr. Jeffery Simmons  Deputy Director  Department of Meteorology  Ministry of Transport and Local Government  
Mr. Ichle Simms  Inspector, Aide to the Prime Minister  Security Detail  Royal Bahamas Police Force  
Mr. Tarran Edgar Simms  The Bahamas RCOY Representatives  
Ms. Mchala Smith  Youth Delegate  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Shenique Smith  Northren Caribbean Program Director  The Nature Conservancy  
Mr. Ricardo Taylor  Civil Society Bahamas  
Mr. Bradley Watson  
Bahrain 
H.R.H. Prince Salman bin Hamad Al-Khalifa  Crown Prince and Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Sh. Salman Bin Khalifa AlKhalifa  Minister of Finance and National Economy  
H.E. Mr. Dr. Mohamed Mubarak Bindaina  Minister of Oil and Environment  Supreme Council for Environment  
H.E. Ms. Noor bint Ali AlKhulaif  Minister of Sustainable Development  
H.E. Mr. Sh. Abdulla Bin Isa AlKhalifa  Private Secretary of HRH  
H.E. Mr. Col. Sh. Ahmed bin Isa Al-Khalifa  Aide de Camp  
Mr. Essam AbdulAziz AlJassim  Chief of Protocol  
Mr. Hamad Yaqoob AlMahmeed  Director General of the Prime Minister's Office  Prime Minister's Office Bahrain  
Mr. Mohammed Khalid Alfudhala  Director of Hospitality  
Mr. Isa Khalifa Al Noaimi  Senior Personal Aide for H.R.H.  
Mr. Yaser Salem AlKendi  Head of Administrative Support  
Mr. Ebrahim Ahmed Aldoseri  Head of Logistic Support Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Mohammed Ajaj  Coordinating/Follow-Up Specialist  
Ms. Amna Ali Alarayedh  Assistant Undersecretary, Research and Studies  
Mr. Waleed Al Bassam  Director of the Studies Directorate at the Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Sayed Ali Majed Kadhem  PMO  
Ms. Khadlyn Czarina Ramos  PMO  
Mr. Mohamed Saad AlAjmi  
Mr. Saqer Dheyab AlNoaimi  
Mr. Khamis Khalifa Alkaabi  
Mr. Abdulla Mubarak Alkuwari  
Mr. Ebrahim Abdulla Alkhal  
Ms. Manar Ahmed Thani  Director of Communications - PMO  
Mr. Hamed Ahmed Shehab  Chief of Media and Coordnation  
Mr. Nawaf Mohsen Alghorairi  chief of national media  
Mr. Saud Abdulwahab AlDoseri  
Mr. Sultan Jasim AlHadad  
Mr. Nabeel Ali Abdulla  
Mr. Rashed Abdullatif Alaamer  Cameraman  
Mr. Jaber Shamsuddin Ranjoor  Still photographer  
Mr. Hasan Waheed Rashed  Protocol Officer  
Ms. Maryam Osama AlThawadi  
Mr. Faisal Isa Hammad  
Mr. Dean Philip Crighton  Medic  
Mr. Tariq Mohamed Taqi  
Mr. Ahmed Saleh Alshabaan  
Mr. Abdulla Ali AlTamimi  
Mr. Lahdan Saleh Lahdan  
Mr. Ahmed Yusuf Alkhairi  
Mr. Mohamed Tawfeeg Salem  
Mr. Nicholas Richard Hurd  
Mr. Yaser Mohamed Salman Mohamed  
Mr. Mohamed Moosa Hasan  
Mr. Abdulrahman Ahmed  
Mr. Bashar Mohsen Jaafar Ahmed Alaradi  
Ms. Eman Alasfoor  
Mr. Basem Alasfoor  
Mr. Khaled Adel Mohamed Ebrahim Alawadhi  Supreme Council for Environment  
Ms. Dalal Fuad Sadeq AlBaharna  Technical Specialist  Sustainable Energy Authority  
Ms. Reem Albastaki  
Mr. Khalifa Albuainain  
Mr. Mohamed Alhashemi  
Mr. Hussain Jaffar Abdulla Makki Ali  
Mr. Hani Ali  
Ms. Hessa Aljalahma  
Mr. H.H. SH. Khalifa Khalid Mohamed Salman Alkhalifa  Environmental Specialist  Supreme Council for Environment  
Mr. Hani Saeed Abdali Alkhenaizi  Head of environment section  
Ms. Ezz Almannai  
Mr. Mohamed Almohaisen  
Bahrain (continued) 
Mr. Ahmed Almusaifer  
Ms. Amna Hamad Ali Alromaihi  Director  Supreme Council for Environment  
Ms. Reema Alrowaiei  
Ms. Maram Alsabbagh  
Mr. Mohamed Saeed Mohamed Moosa Alshehab  Portfolio and Investor Relations Manager  
Ms. Wejdan Ashoor 
Mr. Yusuf Buheji  
Ms. Dana Buheji  
Mr. Hamad Busanad  
Mr. Maan Bushalaibi  
Mr. Mohammed Basher Geweizy Saleh Geweizy  Environmental Specialist  Climate change and sustainable development  Supreme Council for Environment  
Mr. Sayed Ali Hasan  
Mr. Abdulrahman Hashem  
Ms. Layla Janahi  
Ms. Nouf Mohamed  
Ms. Aysha Mohamed  
Mr. Ahmed Hatam Sultan Mohamed  
Ms. Reem Mubarak  
Ms. Hajer Ghali Rashed Mubarak  
Ms. Ahlam Rystam  
Ms. Layla Sabeel  Head of Environmental Planning Section  Climate change and sustainable development  Supreme Council for Environment  
Mr. Magdi Samhan  
Mr. Hamad Sayyar  
Mr. Mohamed Saeed Merza Hasan Mohamed Shamlooh  Environmental Specialist  Climate change and sustainable development  Supreme Council for Environment  
Mr. Husain Yaqoob  
Bangladesh 
H.E. Mr. Md Shahab Uddin  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Mohammed Hasan Mahmud  Minister  Ministry of Information and Broadcasting  
H.E. Mr. A K Abdul Momen  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Habibun Nahar  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Muhammad Abdul Muhith  Ambassador  Permanent Representative of Bangladesh to the United Nations, New York  
H.E. Mr. Md Monirul Islam  Ambassador  Embassy of the People's Republic of Bangladesh  
Ms. Farhina Ahmed  Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Saber Hossain Chowdhury  Member of Parliament  National Parliament  
Mr. Nazim Uddin Ahmed  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Kazim Uddin Ahmmed  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Tanvir Shakil Joy  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Nahim Razzaq  Member of Parliament  
Ms. Waseqa Ayesha Khan  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Md Moniruzzaman  Additional Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Sanjay Kumar Bhowmik  Additional Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Dharitri Kumar Sarkar  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Md Mazedul Islam  Deputy secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Mohammad Abdul Wadud Chowdhury  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Saila Farzana  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Public Administration  
Mr. Mohammad Hossain  Director General  Power Cell, Power Division  
Mr. Mohammad Nazmul Haque  Director  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Nirod Chandra Mondal  Joint Secretary  Renewable Energy, Power Division  
Mr. Mirza Shawkat Ali  Director  Department of Environment  
Ms. Farida Yasmeen  Director-MEA  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Md Ziaul Haque  Director  Department of Environment  
Ms. Jesmin Nahar  Senior Assistant Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Roslina Parven  Senior Assistant Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Md Harun Or Rashid  Deputy Director  Department of Environment  
Bangladesh (continued) 
Mr. Md Mahmud Hossain  Deputy Director  Department of Environment  
Mr. Md Yusuf Mehedi  Assistant Director  Bangladesh Climate Change Trust  
Mr. Fazle Rabbi Sadeque Ahmed  Deputy Managing Director  PKSF  
Mr. Mohammad Hafijul Islam Khan  Environment Specialist  Centre for Climate Justice- Bangladesh  
Mr. Mohammad Nora Alam Siddique  Joint Secretary  Local Government Division  
Mr. Md Liakath Ali  Director  Climate Change Programme  BRAC International  
Mr. Imran Hossain  Youth Capacity-Building Fellow  
Mr. Md Zakir Hussain Jumon  COP26 Observer  
Ms. Sharmin Nahar Nipa  Coordinator  Centre for Climate Change and Environmental Research - C3ER  BRAC University  
Mr. Md Sohanur Rahman  Chief Executive  Protiki Jubo Sangshad  
Mr. Nandan Mukherjee  Director  Centre for Climate Change and Environmental Research  
Mr. Md Emdadul Islam Chowdhury  DG- FMO  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Faiyaz Murshid Kazi  DG- MEA  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sirat Mahmuda  Deputy Secretary  Economic Relations Division  
Mr. Muhammed Ismail Hossain  Counsellor  Embassy of the People's Republic of Bangladesh  
Mr. Radwa Tarek Mohamed  Secretary to H.E.  Embassy of the People's Republic of Bangladesh  
Mr. Sukkur Miah  Flag Car Driver  Embassy of the People's Republic of Bangladesh  
Mr. Ahmed Sayed Ahmed  Driver  Embassy of the People's Republic of Bangladesh  
Mr. Arunendu Tripura  Public Relations Officer  Rangamati Hill District Council  
Mr. Syed Nazmul Ahsan  Director-Air quality management  Department of Environment  
Mr. Lawrence James Haddad  Executive Director  Gain  
Mr. Muhammad Jesmul Hasan  Programme Specialist  UNCDF  
Mr. Mohammad Habibur Rahman Hosaini  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Food  
Mr. Emadul Islam  Deputy Director  Centre for Bay of Bengal Studies  
Mr. Md Shamsul Islam  Deputy Secretary  Local Government Division  
Ms. Hasin Jahan  Country Director  WaterAid Bangladesh  
Mr. Mohammed Humayun Kabir  Joint Secretary  Cabinet Division  
Mr. Tariq Ahmad Karim  Director  Centre for Bay of Bengal Studies  
Mr. Naimul Azam Khan  Personal Secretary  Chairman, Parliamentary Standing Committee on MOEFCC  
Ms. Roufa Khanum  Coordinator  Centre for Climate Change and Environmental Research-C3ER  BRAC University  
Ms. Mandira Guha Neogi  Project Manager  GAIN Bangladesh  
Mr. Adnan Ibne Abdul Qader  Senior Advocacy Officer  WaterAid Bangladesh  
Mr. Partha Hefaz Shaikh  Director, Policy and Advocacy  Wateraid Bangladesh  
Mr. Anannay Zaman  Administrative Officer  Center for Bay of Bengal Studies  
Barbados 
H.E. Ms. Mia Amor Mottley  Prime Minister  Prime Minister's Office  
H.E. Mr. Kerrie Symmonds  Senior Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade  
H.E. Ms. Shantal Munro-Knight  Senator  Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Alies Irene Jordan  Permanent Secretary  Prime Minister's Office  
H.E. Ms. H. Elizabeth Thompson  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade  
Mr. Travis Antonio Sinckler  Senior Environmental Officer  Policy Research, Planning and Information Unit  Ministry of Environment and National Beautification  
Mme Maxime Beaugrand MARGETSON  Consultant  
Mr. Fozlo Leo Stanley Brewster  Director  Coastal Zone Management Unit  Ministry of Environment and National Beautification  
Barbados (continued) 
Mr. David Bynoe  National Coordinator  Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme  United Nations Development Programme  
Mr. Elon Ishmael Cadogan  National Project Coordinator  Project Management and Development Unit  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Ms. Ashanta Cadogan  Personal Assistant to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Ms. Sherry Constantine  Director, Eastern Caribbean Program  The Nature Conservancy  
Ms. Anna Karima Degia  Advisor  
Mr. Alex Downes  Press Secretary to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Dennis Amani Gerdts  Senior Project Manager  kENUP Foundation  
Mr. Ron Goodridge  Environmental Officer  Policy Research, Planning and Information Unit  Ministry of Environment and National Beautification  
Mr. Keithroy Halliday  General Manager  Barbados Water Authority  
Mr. Charles Jong  Director of Communications and Social Media  Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Julia Kaerger  Senior Project Manager  kENUP Foundation  
Mr. Holm Keller  Executive Chairman  kENUP Foundation  
Ms. Ashley Aleah Lashley  The Ashley Lashley Foundation  
Mr. Ricardo Delano Marshall  Programme Director  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Derrick Frederick Peter Oderson  Advisor  
Ms. Ivanna Rashida Odle  Public Relations Officer  Caribbean Youth Environment Network (Barbados Chapter)  
Ms. Shelley Parris  Project Manager  Barbados Water Authority  
Mr. Avinash Persaud  Special Envoy to the Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  
Mr. Didier Trebucq  UN Resident Coordinator  United Nations  
Ms. Kereeta Nicole Whyte  Deputy Permanent Representative  Permanent Mission of Barbados to the United Nations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade  
Mr. Trevor Woodroffe  Station Sergeant  Barbados Police Service  
Belarus 
H.E. Mr. Sergei Terentiev  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary  Embassy of the Republic of Belarus to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Sergey Lisenko  Director  Institute of Nature Management of the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus  
Mr. Dzmitry Melekh  Deputy Head  Department of International Projects  Republican Scientific Research Unitery Enterprise "Bel NIC Ecology"  
Ms. Aksana Melnikovich  Consultant  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection  
Mr. Mikita Mikulich  Attache  Embassy of the Republic of Belarus to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Victoria Novikova  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection  
Belgium 
H.E. Mr. Alexander De Croo  Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Ms. Zakia Khattabi  Belgian Federal Minister  Climate, Environment, Sustainable Development and Green Deal  Cabinet of Minister Khattabi  
H.E. Mr. Philippe Henry  Cabinet of Minister Henry  
H.E. Ms. Christinne Van der Straeten  Minister of Energy  Cabinet of Minister Van der Straeten  
Ms. Hadja Lahbib  Minister of Foreign Affairs, European Affairs and the Federal Cultural Institutions  Office of the Minister of Foreign Affairs  Belgium  
Mr. Peter Gerard Wittoeck  Coordinator  Head of Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Ulrik Lenaerts  Deputy Coordinator  Federal Public Service Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation  
H.E. Mr. François Cornet d'Elzius  Ambassador  Embassy of Belgium in Cairo  
Belgium (continued) 
H.E. Mr. Luc Frans Jacobs  Director/Special Envoy for Climate and Environment  Federal Public Service Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation  
Ms. Carole van Eyll  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Bram Pieter K. Delen  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Tina De Keyser  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Liesbeth Goossens  Cabinet of Minister Khattabi  
Mr. Adrien Volant  Cabinet of Minister Khattabi  
Ms. Clara Symoens  Cabinet of Minister Khattabi  
Mr. Dominique Perrin  Cabinet of Minister Henry  
Mr. Eric Bierin  Cabinet of Minister Henry  
Mr. Alexander Verstraete  Cabinet of Minister Kitir  
Mr. Bert Van Loon  Advisor  Cabinet of Minister Van der Straeten  
Mr. Jesse De Meulenaere  Advisor  Cabinet of Minister Van der Straeten  
Mr. Jonas Dutordoir  Spokesperson  Ministry of Energy  Federal Government  
Mr. Andrzej Bielecki  Advisor  Office of the Minister of Foreign Affairs  Belgium  
Ms. Elke Pattyn  Spokesperson  Office of the Minister of Foreign Affairs  Belgium  
Mr. Ingmar Samyn  Political Counselor  Embassy of Belgium in Cairo  
Ms. Deirdre Gouwy  Deputy Head of Mission  Embassy of Belgium in Cairo  
Mr. Geert Fremout  Climate Change Policy Adviser  Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Ms. Sophie Closson  Climate Change Policy Adviser  Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Samuel Buys  Climate Change Policy Adviser, Climate Change Section  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Lambert Richard Schneider  Research Coordinator for International Climate Policy  Oeko-Institut e.V. Institute for Applied Ecology  
Ms. Ouafae Salmi  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Ms. Camille Reyniers  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Ms. Ine De Meyer  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Ms. Evi Chielens  Federal Public Service, Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment  
Mr. Emmanuel Auquier  Head of Unit Environment and Climate  Directorate General European Affairs and Coordination  FPS Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation  
Mr. Leandro Rossi  Attaché  International and European Financial Affairs  Federal Public Service Finance  
Ms. Margriet Verstraeten  Policy advisor on climate change adaptation  Environment and Spatial Development  Government of Flanders  
Mr. Pieter Logghe  Climate Policy Advisor  Department of Environment and Spatial Development  Government of Flanders  
Ms. Saartje Benoot  Official  Department of Environment and Spatial Development  Flemish Government  
Mr. Olivier Kassi  Climate and Carbon Market Advisor  Walloon Air and Climate Agency  
Mr. Stéphane Cools  President  Walloon Agency for Air and Climate  Walloon Region  
Mr. Olivier Parks  Walloon Agency for Air and Climate  
Mr. Julien Berry  Attaché  Air, Climate and Energy Strategic Planning  Brussels Environment  
Mr. François-Xavier de Donnea  Belgian Federal Council For Sustainable Development  
Mr. Marc Depoortere  Director  Federal Council for Sustainable Development  
Mr. Jean-Pascal van Ypersele de Strihou  Professor  Earth and Life Institute  UCLouvain  
Belize 
H.E. Mr. Orlando Habet  Minister  Ministry of Sustainable Development, Climate Change and Disaster Risk Management  
H.E. Mr. Carlos Cecil Fuller  Ambassador  Permanent Mission of Belize to the United Nations  
Mr. Lennox Alexander Gladden  Chief Climate Change Officer and UNFCCC Focal Point  National Climate Change Office  Ministry of Sustainable Development, Climate Change and Disaster Risk Management  
Mr. Kenrick Winston Williams  Chief Executive Officer  Ministry of Sustainable Development, Climate Change and Disaster Risk Management  
Mr. Jose Urbina  Chief Executive Officer  Ministry of Public Utilites, Energy, Logistics and E-Governance  Government of Belize  
Mr. Servulo Matias Baeza  Chief Executive Officer  Agriculture, Food Security, and Enterprise  Government of Belize  
Mr. Sumeet Akshay Betancourt  Technician  National Climate Change Office  Ministry of Sustainable Development, Climate Change and Disaster Risk Management  
Mr. Mark Lancelot Bynoe  Assistant Executive Director  Project Development and Management Unit / Economic and Social Impact Unit  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mr. Donneil Glaister Cain  Senior Project Development Specialist  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mr. Chun-Hsiung Cho  
Ms. Irene Sandra Cruz  Executive Assistant to the Executive Director  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Ms. Nayari Diaz  Executive Director  Protected Areas Conservation Trust  
Mr. Han-Chun Fang  
Ms. Janine Elizabeth Felson  Advisor for the Government of Belize  University of Melbourne  
Ms. Tecla Armor Fontenard  Communication Specialist  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Ms. Melissa Ann Garvey  Global Director Ocean Protection  Global Protect Ocean, Lands and Water  The Nature Conservancy  
Ms. Edalmi Grijalva  Technician  Forestry  Ministry of Sustainable Development, Climate Change and Disaster Risk Management  
Ms. Nadime Abigail Habet  Support  Ministry of Sustainable Development, Climate Change and Disaster Risk Management  
Mr. Shau-Chi Huang  
Mr. Colin Mattis  Deputy Chief Climate Change Officer  National Climate Change Office  Ministry of Sustainable Development, Climate Change and Disaster Risk Management  
Ms. Brittany Nicole Meighan  Program Associate  Caribbean Cooperative MRV Hub  
Mr. Keith Egbert Nichols  Head of PDMU  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Mr. Ranga Nadeera Pallawala Pallawala Mohottige Don  Climate Finance Advisor  National Climate Change Office  Government of Belize  
Mr. Victoriano Joseph Pascual  Chief Agriculture Officer  Agriculture  Government of Belize  
Mr. Carlos Augusto Pol  Director  Integrated Climate Finance Development and Coordinating Unit  Government of Belize  
Mr. Lih-Jiun Shyy  
Ms. Ide Dolores Dominic Sosa  Project Assistant  National Climate Change Office  
Mr. How-Wei Tsao  
Mr. Colin Albert Young  Executive Director  Caribbean Community Climate Change Centre  
Benin 
H.E. Mr. Aurélien Eugénio Jean Amah Agbénonci  Ministre  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères et de la Coopération  
H.E. Mr. Serge Innocent Dagnon  Ambassadeur du Benin au Maroc  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
H.E. Mr. José Didier Yaovi Tonato  Ministre  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
H.E. Mr. Kossi Mbueke Romuald Wadagni  Ministre de l'Economie et des Finances  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
M. Martin Pépin Aïna  Directeur Général de l'Environnement et du Climat  Direction Générale de l'Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Benin (continued) 
Mr. Wilfried Biao Mongazi  Point Focal de la CCNUCC  Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat, Coordonnateur des Contributions Déterminées au niveau National  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Isaac Aboah  Communications and Project Manager  Communications  
Ms. Maïmouna Adamou  Directrice Camp Climat Régional des Jeunes  
Mr. Franck Armel Ogouwa Afoukou  SGA  MAEC  
Mr. Mahutondji Cédric Agbessi  Formateur en gestion des dechets  United Nations Children's Fund  
Ms. Megha Agrawal  
Mr. Boladele Hamet Said Mahutin Aguemon  Expert  
Ms. Alexandra Carmel Houétèwou Ahéhéhinnou  Point Focal Communication  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Fiacre Codjo Ahononga  Ingénieur agronome, forestier spécialisé en aménagement de la faune et des aires protégées  Direction générale des forêts et des ressources naturelles  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Habitat et de l'Urbanisme  
Mr. Ricardo Setonde Ahouignan  Recherche  
Ms. Domiho Jemima Akowanou  
Mr. Katedjoule Landry Alagbe  Responsable sauvegarde environnementale  MAEP  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de l'Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Allaye Akankoude Martial Alaye  
Ms. Mireize Emenique Alladatin  Responsable Projet Eau et Assainissement  ANCB  
Mr. Raphiou Adissa Aminou  Chef de Service Atténuation des Effets des Changements Climatiques  Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Martial Amou  Assistant DGCC  Direction Générale de l'Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Chioma Felistas Amudi  
Mr. Assouhan Jonas Atchade  
Mr. Luc Sètondji Atrokpo  Maire de la ville de Cotonou  
Mr. Sourou Malikiyou Awo  Chef Cellule Environnementale  Direction de la Programmation et de la Prospective  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de l'Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Kodjoli Simon Awokou  Forestier  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Momboladji Evodie Ayola  PABE  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Mathieu Biaou  Directeur à la Mobilisation des ressources Financières  Fonds National pour l'Environnement et le Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Tabaraka Bio Bangana  
Mr. Cocou Parfait Blalogoe  Directeur Exécutif  Centre de Recherche et d’Expertise pour le Développement Local  
Ms. Leia Marie Booth  
Ms. Gbédande J. Rolande Bossouvi  MAEP  
Mr. Nassirou Brisso  Forestier  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Herland Cerveaux  
Mr. Dakpanon Félicien Chede  Directeur Général de Météo-Bénin  Météo Bénin  Ministère des Infrastructures et des Transports  
Ms. Mireille Pulchérie D'oliveira  Membre ODD  Objectifs de développement durable  
Mr. Koto Daniel Dagnon  Consultant Junior Eau et Changement Climatique  Réseau Béninois du Parlement Mondial de la Jeunesse pour l'Eau  
Mr. Comi Serge Dansou  
Mr. Constant Danvikpenon  
Mr. Christophe Deguenon  Directeur de l’Environnement et des Ressources en Eau à la Commission de l’UEMOA  Département de l’Agriculture, des Ressources en Eau et de l’Environnement, Commission de l’UEMOA  Union Economique et Monétaire Ouest Africaine  
Mr. Abébayo Dinan  Maire de Pobè  Association Nationale des Communes du Bénin  
Mr. Ibila Djibril  Coordonnateur du Programme de Renforcement des Capacités des Conventions au Bénin  Direction Générale de l'Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Sagbo Damien Djodjo Kouton  Chargé de projet  MAEP  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de l'Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Maximin Kouacou Djondo  Directeur BEES NGO  
Mr. Maoudo Djossou  
Mr. Akovognon Jerome Dohou  Coordonnateur projet à JEVEV  
Benin (continued) 
Mr. Théodore Cossi Domingo  Chef Division des Politiques et Stratégies d’Adaptation aux Changements Climatiques  DGEC  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Finzi Edith  
Mr. Melvin Essame Migaga  Auditeur  Département environnement  Université Senghor  
Mr. Adehema Xavier Fagbohoun  
Mr. Marc Gandonou  Maire des Aguegues  Commune du Bénin  
Mr. Basile Marius Gandonou  Chargé de Programme  Développement Durable et Croissance Inclusive  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Victor Gbedo  
Mr. Luc Marie Constant Gnacadja  Expert  
Ms. Anne-Marie Gnancadja epouse Bonou  ME  
Mr. Demangnon Appolinaire Gnanvi  Directeur Général FNEC  Fonds National pour l'Environnement et le Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Senakpon Elignan Johannes E. Goudjanou  Coordonnateur National de la Taskforce Jeunesse Béninoise pour le Climat  Benin Youth4Climate  
Mr. Alexis Grosskopf  
Ms. Imtinen Hamlaoui  CBDD  Centre béninois pour le développement durable  
Ms. Adidjatou Hassan  DAC  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Ayomide eric Gildas Houdo  Chef Service  BSIC  
Mr. Sèmèvo Ariane Corine Houesse  Journaliste  
Ms. Huguette Bai Houndelo  
Ms. Dossy Mahugnon Edwige Houndjemonh  DOIMP  MAEC  
Mr. Justin Hounguevou  Directeur Exécutif  Centre de Formation Agricole Tropicale  
Mr. Houndjonoussè Christian Hounkannou  Responsable Afrique Francophone  350Africa.org  
Mr. Setondji Raoul Hervé Hounkpè  Journaliste/Reporter  Direction de la Promotion de l’Ecocitoyenneté  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Samuel Edzromi Mawuse Hountondji  DE JVE  
Mme Prisca Roselyne Sènami Jimaja  Chef Division du Suivi de l’Intégration des Mesures d’Atténuation dans les Programmes de Développement  Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Christel Kenou  Chargé de Communication, Projet GCCA+ Afrique de l’Ouest, ARAA  Agence Régionale pour l’Agriculture et l’Alimentation  
Ms. Vignon Falome S. Josephine Kissezounon  Journaliste  ORTB  Office de Radio et de Télévision du Bénin  
Mr. Giles Vital Kiti  Cadre DOIMP  DOIMP  MAEC  
Ms. Akouvi Djigbodi Koffi  ARAA  
Ms. Anna Marleyne Koffi  Negociatrice  
Mme Constance Irenee Yetonlognon Kpamegan Epouse Genevee  Présidente Fondatrice  Global Actions  
Mr. Videhouenou Dieu-Donne Elise Kpedjo  Jeune Négociateur sur le climat  
Mr. Steven Benoit Eric Lafosse-Marin  
Ms. Bruma usage Kuhn Bruma Laure Emilie  Coordonnatrice, Projet GCCA+ Afrique de l’Ouest, ARAA  
Mr. Tayon Ulrich Lavinon  Directeur  Benin ODD TV  
Ms. Camille Paule Isabelle Lecointre  Chargée de projet Climat GCCA+ Afrique de l’Ouest, ARAA  
Mr. Houetchekpo Sena Legbagah  Chef Cellule environnement  DPP  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de l'Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Kuami Sègla Lihoussou  DE  ANCB  
Mr. Clovis Precieux Tunde Maforikan  
Ms. Taylor Lynn Martin  
Ms. Fidèle Tchossi Moutouama  chercheur  LSTE  Ministère de l'Enseignement Supérieur et de la Recherche Scientifique  
Ms. Emily Wanja Nderitu  
Mr. Jacques André Ndione  Coordinateur régional de projet ARAA/ CEDEAO  Agence Régionale pour l’Agriculture et l’Alimentation  
Benin (continued) 
Mr. Henry Desouza Nelson  Filmmaker  Media and Communications  Freelance  
Mr. Abdou Razak Oba  Directeur du Camp de l’Enfant Citoyen  Lestresseursdecordes  
Mr. Finagnon Hermann Candide Padonou  PF ANCB  Mairie de Bohicon  
Mr. Ernest Comlan Pedro  Secrétaire Permanent du PASCiB  MAEP  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de l'Elevage et de la Pêche  
Ms. Akuaba Ghislaine Conforte Planta  Member  UAC  LESTEE  
Ms. Sierra Quitiquit  
Mr. Djawad Ramanou  Spécialiste en Innovation  
Mr. Sabi Zingui Razaki  
Ms. Shamiela Reid  
Mr. Aidjinou Landry Salanon  CCOM  MAEC  
Ms. Bankoley usage Bankoley-Teulon Sani  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Bendjedid Rachad Sanoussi  Coordonnateur  Spécialiste des TIC et activiste climatique  
Ms. Ahignongbe Christiane Malvina Segbemon  Assistante DGCC  DGEC  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Armel Florent Sewa  
Mr. Yemalin Appolinaire Tchoki  Journaliste  Office de Radio et de Télévision du Bénin  
Mr. Toussaint Todegnon  
Mr. Sonagnon Thierry Tolegbe  Maire de Bonou  
Mr. Henri Totin  Directeur Exécutif  Jeunesse et Emplois Verts pour une Economie Verte  
Mr. Codjo Bernadin Toto  Secrétaire Permanent  MAEP  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de l'Elevage et de la Pêche  
Mr. Arturo Vallejo Abdala  
Mr. Narcisse Akim Vieyra  Protocole  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères et de la Coopération  
Mr. Davo Simplice Vodouhe  Prof a PAN  
Mr. Moudjahid Akorédé Wabi  Cadre à la DGEC  Direction Générale de l’Environnement et du Climat  Ministère du Cadre de Vie et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Farhana Tabassum Yamin  
Mr. Setondji François Zannou Agbo  Maire de Adjohoun  
Mr. Jean Zehe  Chef Traditional  
Bhutan 
H.E. Mr. Thinley Namgyel  Secretary  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Mr. Sonam Tashi  Secretary  Ministry of Economics Affairs  
Ms. Kunzang  Dy. Chief Legal Officer  Legal Services  National Environment Commission  
Mr. Sonam Dagay  Environment Officer  Climate Change Division  National Environment Commission  
Ms. Dawa Chhoedron  Chief  Department of Hydropower and Power Systems  Ministry of Economic Affairs  
Ms. Namgay Choden  Youth Negotiator  Global Shapers Thimphu Hub  
Ms. Karma Choden  Lecturer  Jigme Singye Wangchuck School of Law  
Ms. Tshering Dolkar  Lecturer  Jigme Singye Wangchuck School of Law  
Mr. Yeshi Namgyel  Dy. Chief Program Officer  Department of Disaster Management  Ministry of Home and Cultural Affairs  
Mr. Sonam Pelgen  Planning Officer  Policy and Planing  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Mr. Namgay Thinley  Chief  Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Mr. Sonam Tobgay  Chief  FRMD  Department of Forests and Park Services  
Mr. Sonam Tshering  Lecturer  Jigme Singye Wangchuck School of Law  
Mr. Gembo Tshering  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tenzin Wangmo  Climate Diplomacy Advisor  National Environment Commission  
Bolivia (Plurinational State of) 
Mr. Diego Pacheco Balanza  General Directorate of Geopolitics of Living Well and Foreign Policy  Vicepresidencia  State Vice Presidency  
Mr. Juan Santos Cruz  Ministro de Medio Ambiente y Agua  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Agua  
Mr. Magin Herrera López  Viceministro de Medio Ambiente, Biodiversidad, Cambios Climáticos y de Gestión y Desarrollo Forestal  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Agua  Estado Plurinacional de Bolivia  
Ms. Angélica Ponce Chambi  Executive Director  Plurinational Authority of Mother Earth  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Ruth Katherine Alcocer Andia  National Confederation of Campesino Indigenous Originary Women of Bolivia Bartolina Sisa  
Mr. Franz Marin Aviz Copa  CONAMAQ  
Mr. David Calle Paco  Confederación Sindical de Comunidades Interculturales Originarias de Bolivia  
Mr. Eddy Beder Enriquez García  Confederación de Pueblos Indígenas de Bolivia  
Ms. Maria José Fernández Quiroga  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Agua  
Mr. Victor Manuel Gonzales Mamani  Confederación de Pueblos Indígenas de Bolivia  
Mr. Walter Gutiérrez Mena  Titular member of the LCIPP Facilitative Working Group  Group of Latin America and the Caribbean  
Sra. Carla Elizabeth Ledezma García  Jefa de Unidad para la Integración de los Pueblos y Defensa de la Madre Tierra  Vicepresidencia del Estado Plurinacional de Bolivia  
Mr. Osvaldo Policarpio Limachi Mamani  Director del Mecanismo de Mitigación para Vivir Bien  Dirección del Mecanismo de Mitigación para Vivir Bien  Autoridad Plurinacional de la Madre Tierra  
Mr. Abanob Mekhail  Chofer - Mensajero  Embajada del Estado Plurinacional de Bolivia en Egipto  
Ms. Julia Gabriela Monje Bernal  Responsable III  Ministerio de Planificación del Desarrollo  
Mr. Ibsen Bady Quiñones Flores  Confederación Sindical Unica de Trabajadores Campesinos de Bolivia  
Mr. Edgar Ruben Quispe Loza  Confederación Sindical Unica de Trabajadores Campesinos de Bolivia  
Mr. German Quispe Niura  Director del Mecanismo de Adaptación para Vivir Bien  Dirección del Mecanismo de Adaptación para Vivir Bien  Autoridad Plurinacional de la Madre Tierra  
Mr. Julio Quispe Ramos  National Council of Ayllus and Markas of the Qullasuyu  
Mr. Edwin Rivero Quisbert  Consejero - Jefe de Mision  Embajada de Bolivia en Egipto  
Mr. Sergio Richard Romero Nina  Representante Plataforma de Jóvenes frente al Cambio Climático  Plataforma de Jóvenes frente al Cambio Climático  Autoridad Plurinacional de la Madre Tierra  
Mr. Franz Lautaro Schmidt Coaquira  Responsable de Coordinación para la Formulación de Política Exterior.  Vicepresidencia  
Ms. Diana Shalabi  Asistente - Traductora  Embajada del Estado Plurinacional de Bolivia en Egipto  
Ms. Dilma Taraña Gaspar de Villca  National Confederation of Campesino Indigenous Originary Women of Bolivia Bartolina Sisa  
Mr. Juan Carlos Torrico Albino  Equipo Negociador  Autoridad Plurinacional de la Madre Tierra  Estado Plurinacional de Bolivia  
Ms. Cintya Leny Vargas Amurrio  Consultora  Vicepresidencia  Estado Plurinacional de Bolivia  
M. Vicente Paolo III Yu  Expert G77+Chine  Ministère de l'Environnement, des Eaux et Forêts  Gouvernement  
Mr. Ariel Edwin Zabala David  Gerente General  Banco de Desarrollo Productivo  
Bosnia and Herzegovina 
Mr. Admir Softic  Assistant Minister  Environment and Energy  Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Relations  
Mr. Mehmed Cero  Assistant Minister  Ministry of Environment and Tourism of Federation BiH  
Ms. Sanela Cicic  Network of progressive initiatives association  
Ms. Raduška Cupac  
Mr. Jasmin Emric  Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina  
Ms. Alisa Grabus  United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)  
Bosnia and Herzegovina (continued) 
Mr. Mirza Hujic  Assistant Minister  
Ms. Sanja Kapetina  Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Relations  
Mr. Saša Magazinovic  Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina  
Mr. Goran Trbic  
Botswana 
H.E. Ms. Philda Kereng  Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources, Environment and Tourism  
H.E. Mr. Lemogang Kwape  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
H.E. Mr. Fidelis Macdonald Molao  Minister  
Mr. Thabang Leslie Botshoma  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Corporate Services  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Ms. Lilian Abigail Engleton  
Ms. Dorcas Ntiki Masisi  Principal Meteorologist  Department of Meteorological Services  Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources Conservation and Tourism  
Mr. Thamani Meshack Babitseng  
Mr. Lesedi David Bafetanye  Principal Energy Engineer  Department of Energy  Ministry of Minerals and Energy  
Mr. Setshege Baruti  
Mr. Temogo Jonh Basimalakane  
Ms. Matshediso Bokole  
Ms. Chimbidzani Bratonozic  
Ms. Benetia Chingapane  Director  Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Sithembile Dingake  
Mr. Kakanyo Fani Dintwa  Statistics Botswana  
Mr. Mpho Simon Dithole  
Mr. Johnson Phologo Gaumakwe  Counsellor  
Mr. Balisi Justice Gopolang  Chief Meteorologist  Department of Meteorological Services  Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources Conservation and Tourism  
Ms. Thato Gorata Gwangwa  
Mr. Thapelo Jacobs  Principal State Counsel  AG Chambers  
Mr. Dick Kalantle  
Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile  
Ms. Pato Kelesitse  
Mr. Odisitse George Keotsene  
Ms. Lesego Kgomanyane  
Mr. Olaotswe Ernest Kgosikoma  
Mr. Oduetse Oldman Koboto  
Mr. Pako Tswelelo Lebanna  Botswana Press Agency  
Mr. Gosego Lebekwa  
Ms. Joyce phonkga Lepetu  Lecturer  
Mr. Kedumetse Liphi  
Mr. Douglas Machacha  Chief Agricultural Research Officer  Department of Agricultural Research  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Grace Gaegope Mafhoko  
Mr. Hillary Musemwa Masundire  
Mr. Thapelo Matsheka  
Ms. Sophie Heidi Mautle  
Mr. Katlego Boase Mmalane  
Mr. Nchidzi Mmolawa  
Mr. Thuso Mogatwane  
Mr. Gopolang Mogopa Mogotsi  
Mr. Ntebogang Issac Moitlamo  
Mr. Maikutlo Mokakapadi  Meteorologist  Meteorological Services  
Ms. Onalenna Mokgachane  
Ms. Kefilwe Mokgaotsane  
Mr. Kutlwano Mokokomani  
Ms. Kelly Mokwakwa  
Ms. Tsaone Amogelang Mokwatso  
Ms. Lesego Molapisi  
Ms. Antoinette Emeldah Moleele  
Ms. Morati Kelly Molelekeng  
Mr. Kashif Zeideen Molosankwe  
Mr. Odireleng Molosiwa  
Mr. Olefile Chika Wilfred Mooketsi  Parliament  
Mr. Mpho Morapedi  
Mr. Baleseng Moseki  
Mr. Thabo Mooketsi Moseki  
Mr. Mosepele Mosepele  
Mr. Nchena Zico Mothebe  
Mr. Ishmael Thapelo Motlhale  
Ms. Kgomotsego Motlopi  
Ms. Kulthoum Motsumi  Researcher  
Mr. Nkosiyabo Moyo  
Mr. Godfrey Mpuse  
Ms. Gaone Mildred Nkoga  
Ms. Sebolokelo Usha Otsetswe  
Ms. Ingrid Mpundu Otukile  
Mr. Vincent Pagiwa  
Mr. Oshima Augustine Peloewetse  
Mr. Gakemotho Satau  
Mr. Joseph Sekgatsa  
Mr. Moses Selebatso  
Ms. Thato Sengwaketse  
Ms. Ompatile Setlhabi  
Mr. Zenene Sinombe  
Botswana (continued) 
Ms. Tracy Sonny  National Coordinator  Climate Change and Energy  Botswana Climate Change Network  
Mr. Tiroyaone Tshukudi  
Ms. Charity Lauryn Tshukudu  
Mr. Gaone Tsokwane  
Brazil 
Mr. Leonardo Cleaver de Athayde  Director  Department of Sustainable Development  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. José Sarney Filho  Secretary of State for the Environment of the Federal District  Federal District Government  
Mr. Paulino Franco de Carvalho Neto  Secretary for National Sovereignty and Citizenship Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Joel Ilan Paciornick  Minister  Superior Court of Justice  
H.E. Mr. Joaquim Alvaro Pereira Leite  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Luís Roberto Barroso  Minister of the Federal Supreme Court  Federal Supreme Court  
H.E. Mr. Rodrigo Otavio Soares Pacheco  Senator of the Republic/President of the Federal Senate and of the National Congress  Federal Senate  
Mr. Benjamin Zymler  Minister  Federal Court of Accounts  
Mr. Renato Barros de Aguiar Leonardi  Head  Division of Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. José Alves Rocha  Federal Deputy  Brazilian Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Mr. Juliano Baiocchi Villa-Verde de Carvalho  Deputy Attorney General of the Republic and Coordinator of the Environmental Defense Chamber  Public Federal Ministry  
Mr. Geraldo Cunha Carvalho Júnior  Assistant Secretary for Economic Development and Strategic Programs  State of Maranhão  
Mr. Sérgio de Souza  Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Silvia Feitosa Moura de Cabral de Araujo  Advisor  Brazilian Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Mr. Luciano Gagliardi Paez  Municipal Secretary of Climate  Municipality of Niterói  
Mr. Edmilson Gama Silva  Executive Director of the Development Bank of Minas Gerais  Development Bank of the Brazilian State of Minas Gerais  
Ms. Maria Fernanda Gaudêncio Lupion Mello  Spouse  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Robson Gomes de Melo  Network Core Coordinator intelligent and computer systems  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Ms. Rachel Gonçalves dos Santos  Head of Parliamentary Advisory  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. José Ivanildo Gama Brilhante  State Government Collaborator  Government of Pará  
Mr. Marcelo Lemos Dornelles  Attorney General  Federal Prosecution of Rio Grande do Sul  
Ms. Adriana Lira de Campos Barreto  SEBRAE  
Ms. Telma Lucia de Azevedo Gurgel  State Representative, 1st Vice-President of ALAP  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Ana Carolina Maciel Menezes  Journalist  Government of Pará  
Ms. Marisa Maia de Barros  Assistant Secretary  Petroleum, Natural Gas and Biofuels  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Mr. Mauricio Munhoz Ferraz  State Secretary of Science, Technology and Innovation  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Daniel Nardin Tavares  Liberal Group Content Director  Government of Pará  
H.E. Mr. Marcos José Rocha dos Santos  Governor of the State of Rondônia  
Mr. Gustavo Salvador Pereira  Executive Secretary of CODESUL  Government of Santa Catarina  
Mr. Axel Schmidt Grael  Mayor  Municipality of Niterói  
Mr. José Silva Soares  Federal Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Murilo Simões Cavalcante  Public server  Federal Government  
Mr. Willian Souza Martins  Order Assistant  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Ligia Nara Vendramin  Environmental Analyst and REM MT Program Coordinator  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Zuleica Jacira Aires Moura  Executive Secretary  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Rubens Alan da Costa Barros  Major QOPM / Helper of Orders  Government of Pará  
Mr. Fábio Almeida Abrahão  Director of Partnerships in Social Infrastructure and Environmental Services  Brazilian Development Bank  
Mr. Sidney Almeida Filgueira de Medeiros  Federal Agricultural Auditor  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Mr. Thales Almeida Pereira Fernandes  State Secretary of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply  Minas Gerais State Government  
Ms. Cinthia Alves Caetano Ribeiro Mantoan  Mayor of Palmas/TO  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. Tiago Amaral Ciarallo  Parliamentar Advisor  Senate  
Mr. José Amarísio Freitas de Souza  Secretary of State for Finance  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. José Rosemar Andrade de Messias  Head of the Governor's Office  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Wendell Andrade de Oliveira  Director of Strategic Planning and Projects  Government of Pará  
Ms. Laura Andrea Chinaglia Abbá  Special Adviser to the Minister  Ministry of Enviroment  
Mr. Rafael Andreguetto  Director of Environmental Policies of the State Secretariat for Sustainable Development and Tourism  Government of Paraná  
Mr. Nathan Antonio Belusso  Agribusiness Special Advisor  Government of Mato Grosso do Sul  
Mr. Alex Sandro Antonio Marega  Executive Secretary of Environment  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Osvaldo Antônio Pinheiro Silva  Special Adviser to the Minister  Ministry of Enviroment  
Mr. Domingos Antonio Velho Lopes  Secretary of State for Agriculture, Livestock and Rural Development  Rio Grande do Sul State  
Ms. Sonia Aparecida Consiglio  Member of the Administrative Council  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Mr. Carlos Enrique Aragon Castillo  Executive Secretary – GCF  State Government of Amazonas  
Mr. Rommel Araújo de Oliveira  President/Judge  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Jaine Ariély Cubas Davet  Director of Environmental Regularization of the Brazilian Forest Service  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Ms. Fabricia Arruda Moreira Amazonas  Deputy Executive  State Government of Amazonas  
Mr. Giovanni Alessandro Assis Silva  President of the Municipal Institute of Urban Planning of Palmas  Government of Tocantins  
Mr. Marcio Augusto Amaral  Creative Director  Special Secretariat for Social Communication  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Marcelo Augusto Boechat Morandi  Researcher  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply  
Mr. Carlos Augusto da Silva Negreiros  Head of the Military House of the State Government  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Victor Augusto Salviati  Superintendent for Innovation and Institutional Development - FAS  State Government of Amazonas  
Mr. Luiz Augusto Santos Lima  Deputy Attorney General of the Republic and Coordinator of the Chamber of Economic Order and Consumer Protection  Public Federal Ministry  
Mr. Thiago Augusto Vieira  Secretary of State for Infrastructure and Mobility  Government of Santa Catarina  
Mr. Vilmar Avelino Nezokemaese  Advisor to the Superintendence of Indigenous Affairs  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Ms. Maria Lenir Avila Zymler  Federal Court of Accounts  
Mr. Ricardo Ayres de Carvalho  State Representative  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. Pedro Azevedo Vasconcellos  Secretary of Culture and International Relations  São Leopoldo City Hall  
Mr. João Carlos Bacelar Batista  Federal Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Leonardo Augusto Balthar de Souza Santos  Diplomat  Division of Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Priscila Barbosa Carnaúba  Senate  
Mr. Wanderlei Barbosa Castro  Governor  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. Fábio Barbosa Chaves  Municipal Secretary of Land Affairs  Government of Tocantins  
Ms. Katiuscya Barbosa Chaves Cintra  Special Advisor to the Governor's Office  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Ronaldo Alexandre Barquette  Investment Director of the Investment and Foreign Trade Promotion Agency of Minas Gerais - Invest Minas  Government of Minas Gerais  
Mr. Francisco Barreto Dalla Vecchia  Imac's Communications and Press Office  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Mr. Nilo Barroso Neto  Director of the Secretariat of International Relations of the Presidency of the Federal Senate.  Federal Senate  
Ms. Natália Bastos Bonavides  
Mr. Gustavo José Batista de Amaral  Manager  Presidency of the Republic  
Ms. Joenia Batista de Carvalho  Federal Deputy  
Mr. Adriano Battisti  Environmental Analyst  Secretary of State for Economic Development  Government of Rio Grande do Sul  
Mr. José Antonio Bertotti Junior  University Researcher  Government of Pernambuco  
Ms. Maria de Fátima Bezerra  Governor of the State of Rio Grande do Norte  Government of Rio Grande do Norte  
Ms. Glenda Bezerra Lustosa  Secretary of Industry, Commerce and Services Development  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Victor Bicca Neto  Director of Government Policies  State Government of Amazonas  
Mr. Lucas Bock da Costa  Public server  Federal Government  
Mr. Rafael Bonate de Almeida  Interpreter  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. André Borges Barros de Araújo  President-Director  IMASUL  Government of Mato Grosso do Sul  
Mr. Telmo Borges Silveira Filho  Forest Engineer - Technical Advisor  Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro  
Ms. Ana Maria Borges Tome  Presidential Director Advisor  CAIXA  
Mr. José Henrique Bortoluci  Founding Partner Maranta Political Intelligence  Government of Pará  
Mr. Luciano Brasileiro Cardone  Director of the Department of Water Resources Management and Sanitation  Rio Grande do Sul State  
Ms. Renata Brasileiro de Moura  Director at the State Secretariat of Communication  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Raquel Breda dos Santos  General Coordinator of Global Development Institutions  Ministry of the Economy  
Mr. Germano Bremm  Secretary of the Environment, Urbanism and Sustainability  City Hall of Porto Alegre  
Mr. Wellington Bringel de Almeida  State Attorney  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Adriana Brito da Silva  Project Coordinator  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Fabricio Brito Silva  Head of the Economic Development and Strategic Programs Advisory  State of Maranhão  
Mr. William Carlos Brum Bispo  Councillor  City Hall of Rio de Janeiro  
Ms. Bianca Buenano Ribeiro  Advisor  Government of Pará  
Mr. Claudio Cajado Sampaio  Federal Deputy  Brazilian Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Mr. Daniel Calarco de Oliveira  Coordinator of the Pact for Youth  Rio de Janeiro City Hall  
Mr. Bruno Caldas Aranha  Director of Public Management and Social-environmental  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Mr. Fernando José Caldeira Bastos Neto  Head of the Political Sector  Brazilian Embassy in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Marcos Antonio Camargo Ferreira  Analyst and Coordinator of the Indigenous Territories Subprogram - REM MT Program  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Carla Camile Cordeiro da Silva  Special Advisor  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Rafael Canonenco de Araujo  Research and Development Manager, Grasp Ind. e Com. LTDA  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply  
Ms. Gabriela Canto Pires Santos Savian  Researcher  Government of Aceh  
Mr. Alex Capella Mercier  Special Secretary of the Press of the Presidency of the Federal Senate.  Federal Senate  
Mr. Luiz Edinelson Cardoso e Cardoso  Technical Advisor  Government of Pará  
Ms. Débora Carla Melo e Pimenta  Advisor to the Cabinet of the Executive Secretary of the Environment  Government of Santa Catarina  
Brazil (continued) 
Ms. Vanessa Carolina Fernandes Ferrari  Judge  Environmental Company of the State of São Paulo  
Ms. Marina Carrilho Soares  Diplomat  Division of Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Bruno Carvalho Arruda  Diplomat  Division of Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Rafael Carvalho Azevedo da Silva  Diplomat  Parliamentary Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Alisson Carvalho de Alencar  Attorney General of the Mato Grosso State Prosecutor's Office  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Marília Carvalho de Melo  Secretary of the Environment from Minas Gerais  
Mr. Mauro Carvalho Junior  Special Advisor to the Cabinet of the Mato Grosso State Government  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Rute Carvalho Silva Pedrosa  Technical Advisor to the Governor's Office  State of Rondonia  
H.E. Mr. José Renato Casagrande  Governor  State of Espírito Santo Government  
Ms. Analy Castilho Polizel de Souza  Dean and Professor at the Federal University of Rondonópolis  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Luana Caroline Castro  Advisor  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Mr. Ronald Cavalcante de Freitas  Coordinator  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Ms. Maria Izolda Cela de Arruda Coelho  Governor of the State of Ceará  Government of Maricá  
Mr. Júlio Cesar Baena  Advisor to the Executive Secretary of the Secretary of State for the Environment  Federal District Government  
Mr. Luiz Carlos Ciocchi  General Director of the National Electric System Operator - ONS  MME National Electric System Operator - ONS  
Ms. Ivonete Coelho da Silva Chaves  Director of Licensing, Inspection, Monitoring and Granting of the Water and Land Institute of Paraná - IAT  Government of Paraná  
H.E. Mr. Fabiano Contarato  Senator  Federal Senate  
Ms. Tania Gabrielle Cooper Patriota  Brazilian Embassy  
Mr. Eduardo Corrêa Tavares  Secretary of Finance  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Luis Renato Costa Bueno  Executive Director  Suzano  
Ms. Maria de Nazaré Costa de Macêdo  Director of the Institute for Climate Change and Regulation of Environmental Services  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Julio Costa Leite  Superintendent of Public and Social and Environmental Management Area  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Ms. Mayná Coutinho Morais  Assistant V in the Assistance of River Basin Committees at CEDAE/ General Director of the Guandu-RJ Committee  Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro  
Mr. Alessandro Cruvinel Fidelis  General Coordinator  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Ms. Maria da Guia Cunha Dantas Freire  Special Advisor to Government  Government of Rio Grande do Norte  
Mr. Pedro D'Angelo Ribeiro  Head of the Environmental Management Center of the State Secretariat of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply of Minas Gerais  Government of Minas Gerais  
Mr. José Evandro da Costa Garcez Filho  State Attorney  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Rubens da Costa Magno Júnior  Public server  State of Pará  
Ms. Júlia da Motta  Economic Development Coordinator  São Paulo City Hall  
Ms. Larissa da Silva Novais Vieira  Director of Banco do Brasil in Vienna  Bank of Brazil  
Mr. Rafael da Silva Rocha  Attorney of the Republic  Public Federal Ministry  
Mr. Ederson Dal Molin  State Deputy  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Mr. Renato das Chagas e Silva  Chief Executive Officer, State Foundation for the Protection of the Environment  Rio Grande do Sul State  
Mr. Rodrigo Antônio de Agostinho Mendonça  Federal Deputy  
Mr. Antonio de Aguiar Patriota  Ambassador  Brazilian Embassy in Cairo  
Ms. Gilmara de Almeida Campos Dantas  Executive Coordinator of the Sustainable Amazon Foundation  State Government of Amazonas  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Ricardo de Almeida Mendes  Lieutenant Colonel of PMMT - Governor's Aide  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Pedro Henrique de Andrade Lima Campos  Sanitation Analyst  Government of Pernambuco  
Mr. Fausto de Andrade Ribeiro  President  Bank of Brazil  
Mr. Marcos de Araújo  Special Secretary for Social Articulation  Secretaria de Governo  
Ms. Maximira de Araújo Costa  Agronomist  Government of Pará  
Mr. Júlio de Assis Côrrea Pinheiro  Councillor of the Amazonas State Audit Court  State Government of Amazonas  
Ms. Danielle de Bem Luiz  Program Panelist  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Ms. Rita de Cássia Cunha e Silva Lins de Albuquerque  Advisor  Brazilian Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Ms. Joseane de Fatima Geraldo Zoghbi  Undersecretary for Project Planning - State Secretariat of Environment and Water Resources - SEAMA  State of Espirito Santo  
Ms. Áurea Carolina de Freitas e Silva  Federal Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Valdemir Carlos de Góes  Secretary of the Military of the State of Rondônia  
Mr. Bruno de Jesus Andrade  Technical Director of the MatoGrossense Meat Institute  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Mayra Beatriz de Jesus Dias  Advisor for Supporting the Management of Public Environmental Policies of the Secretariat of Environment and Water Resources  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. Antonio de Jesus Leitão Nunes  CEO of Maranhão Parcerias S/A  State of Maranhão  
Mr. Gladson de Lima Cameli  Governor of Acre  
Mr. Marcelo de Lima Lelis  State President of the Green Party in Tocantins  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. José Mauro de Lima O’de Almeida  Secretary of State for Environment and Sustainability  Government of Pará  
Ms. Senhorinha Muriele de Medeiros  Senate  
Ms. Juliana de Mello Queiroz Santiago  Panelist  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Fernando de Mesquita Sampaio  Executive Director PCI Strategy  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Marcelo de Moraes Senna  Advisor  Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro  
Ms. Ticiana de Oliveira Alvares  Technical Advisor  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Mr. Sergio de Oliveira Cunha  Senator  Brazilian Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Ms. Ângela Rodrigues de Oliveira da Rocha  Head of the Communication Department of the Institute for Climate Change and Environmental Services Regulation - IMC  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Glória Maria de Oliveira Melo  Technical Director - State Secretariat of the Casa Civil - Coordinator of the COP 27 Working Group  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. José Roberto de Oliveira Mendes Junior  State of Tocantins  
Ms. Flávia de Oliveira Teixeira   Environmental, CSR and Energy Transition Manager  Engie  
Mr. Marcelo Angelo de Paula Bomfim  Chief Executive Officer of the Development Bank of Minas Gerais  Development Bank of the Brazilian State of Minas Gerais  
Mr. Francisco de Queiroz Maia Júnior  Secretary of State - Secretariat of Economic Development and Labor  Government of Ceará  
Mr. Narson de Sá Galeno  Attorney General  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Leolene de Sousa Aguiar  Director-General of the Institute for Sustainable Development and Environment of Rio Grande do Norte  Government of Rio Grande do Norte  
Mr. Gustavo de Sousa de Oliveira Victorio  State Revenue Tax Auditor  State of Maranhão  
Ms. Maria Eliane de Souza Oliveira  People Management Secretary  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Eugenio de Souza Pantoja  Researcher  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Pedro Deboni Lupion Mello  Federal Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Julio Cesar Delgado  Congressman  Chamber of Deputies  
Brazil (continued) 
Ms. Samanta Della Bella  Superintendent of Sustainability and Climate  Secretary of Environment and Sustainability  Government of Pernambuco  
Ms. Marina Delmondes de Carvalho Rossi  Director of the Energy Development Department  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Mr.  Luiz Roberto Dias Magalhães Junior  Press Officer  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Tomás Dias Sant'Ana  Secretary of Professional and Technological Education  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Vital do Rêgo Filho  Union Audit Court  
Ms. Maria Cristina do Rosario Almeida Mendes  ALAP State Representative  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Hugo do Valle Mendes  Advisor to the Executive Secretary of the Secretary of State for the Environment  Federal District Government  
Ms. Eleneide Doff Sotta  Climate Change Coordinator  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Ms. Carina Dolabella Pereira  Project Manager  Ministry of Enviroment  
Mr. Marcelo Donnini Freire  Deputy Secretary of Climate and International Relations  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Leticia Cristine Dorfman Palma  Communications Advisor  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Mauricio Jose dos Santos Bauer  JBS Corporate Sustainability Director  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply  
Ms. Mônica dos Santos Monteiro  Vice President Sustainability and Entrepreneurship  CAIXA  
Mr. José dos Santos Oliveira  Deputy Secretary of the Secretary of Environment  Government of the State of Amapá  
Mr. Sérgio Duarte  Technical Assistant  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Ms. Vanessa Duarte Emenergildo  Director of Administration  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Ms. Eliane e Silva Nogueira Lima  Senator  Brazilian Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Mr. Hamdy El Sayed Abbas Rashwan  Official Driver  Brazilian Embassy in Cairo  
Mr. Leonardo Elia Soares  Chief Executive Officer of CEDAE  Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro  
Ms. Clarisse Elizabeth Fonseca Cruz  Director, Department of Forest Conservation and Environmental Services  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Valeria Etgeton de Siqueira  Attorney of the Republic  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Mr. Anderson Etter  Secretary of the Environment  Government of São Leopoldo  
Mr. Ezzat Awad Ezz Eldin Bakr  Interpreter  Government of Tocantins  
Ms. Patrícia Faga Iglecias Lemos  Director  Environmental Agency of São Paulo State Government  
Mr. Airton Luiz Faleiro  Federal Deputy  
Mr. José Airton Félix Cirilo da Silva  Federal Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Paola Fernanda Daniel  Secretary of State for the Environment and Indigenous Policies  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Marcella Fernanda Marçal dos Santos  Member of the Sustainability Committee  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply  
Ms. Thais Fernanda Silva Guimarães  Coordinator of International Cooperation and Foreign Trade  SEMAGRO  Government of Mato Grosso do Sul  
Mr. Rodrigo Fernandes das Neves  State's Attorney  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Weliton Fernandes Prado  Federal Deputy  
Mr. Célio Fernando Bezerra Melo  Executive Secretary for Regionalization and Modernization of the Civil House  Government of Ceará  
Mr. Veridiano Ferreira Colares  Head of Staff of the Presidency of TJAP  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Veviane Cristina Ferreira e Silva  Project Analyst  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Paulo Antonio Ferreira Freire  State of Alagoas  
Ms. Maria Letícia Ferreira Gomes  Communication Advisor  Government of Tocantins  
Ms. Sara Fiselovici Paciornik  Minister's Advisor  Superior Court of Justice  
Ms. Gercilania Floriano da Silva  Technical Advisor I  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Christopher Franco Braga  Executive Director Sustainability and Entrepreneurship  CAIXA  
Mr. Randolph Frederich Rodrigues Alves  Senator  Senate  
Ms. Senise Freire Chacha  State Attorney  Government of Mato Grosso do Sul  
Mr. Matheus Freitas Rocha Bastos  Diplomat  Division of Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tarin Frota Mont`Alverne  Teacher of the Postgraduate Program in Law  Federal University of Ceará  
Mr. Marco Antonio Fujihara  Director  Keyassociados Sustainable Solutions  
Ms. Mariana Furghieri Bylaardt Caldas  Public server  Federal Government  
Ms. Bruna Gagliardi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Alexandre Gaio  Panelist  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Mr. Rogério Luiz Gallo  Head Secretary of the Civil House  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Olyntho Garcia de Oliveira Neto  State Representative  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Ms. Carolina Garcia Medeiros  Executive Manager for Communication and Relationship with Society at the National Electric System Operator - ONS  MME National Electric System Operator - ONS  
Mr. Everson Gardel de Melo  Coordinator of the Climate Change Observatory/SEMMAM/SL  Government of São Leopoldo  
Mr. Alexandre Gatti Lages  Superintendent of the Ocemg System  Government of Minas Gerais  
H.E. Mr. Alexandre Luiz Giordano  Senator  Senate  
Ms. Claudia Girotti  Advisor  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Paulo Roberto Gitirana de Aráujo Guerra  Consultant for Fundação Dom Cabral for the Acre 10 Year Agenda  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. João Raphael Gomes da Silva Oliveira  Director of the Department of Ecosystems - Substitute DECO/SAS/MMA  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Aline Gomes Tourinho Lobo  SEBRAE  
Mr. Edson Gonçalves Duarte  Green Party  
Mr. José Luiz Gondim dos Santos  Public Policy Manager and President of the Company for Development and Environmental Services - CDSA  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Vanessa Maria Gonzatto Trindade  Coordinator of the Press Office  Rio Grande do Sul State  
Mr. Bairo Guedes Costa  Governor's Aide  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Raoni Guerra Lucas Rajão  Consultor  Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais  
Mr. Danilo Gurgel Serpa  President of the Industrial and Port Complex of Pecém  Government of Ceará  
Mr. Mohamed Hamdy El Sayed Abbas  Official Driver  Brazilian Embassy in Cairo  
Mr. Khaled Hanafi  Secretary General of the Union of Arab Chambers  APEX  
Mr. Marcus Henrique Morais Paranaguá  Secretary of Climate and International Relations  Ministry of Enviroment  
Mr. Alysson Hoffmann Pegoraro  Director  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply  
Ms. Gabriela Hönnicke Antunes  General Coordinator of Articulation with International Organizations  Secretaria de Governo  
Mr. Cristiano Horbach Prass  Head of the Department of Agrossivilpastoril, State Foundation for the Protection of the Environment  Rio Grande do Sul State  
Ms. Miyuki Hyashida  Secretary of Environment and Water Resources  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. Amir Ibrahim Ali Zayan  State Government Collaborator  Government of Pará  
Mr. Mauro Luiz Iecker Vieira  Ambassador  Government of Brazil  
Mr. Nilto Ignacio Tatto  Federal Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Michel Jaime Gawendo  International PR   Presidency of the Republic  
Ms. Laura Jordão de Carvalho  Director of Official Events  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Marjorie Kaufmann  Secretary of State for the Environment and Infrastructure  Rio Grande do Sul State  
Ms. Julia Knijnik Baumvol  Collaborating Teacher of the Postgraduate Program in Law  Federal University of Ceará  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Aleandro Lacerda Gonçalves  Chief Executive Officer of Tocantins Partnerships S/A  Government of Tocantins  
Ms. Ana Larronda Asti  Undersecretary of Water Resources and Sustainability  Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro  
Ms. Mauren Lazzaretti  Secretary of Environment  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Augusto Leonel de Souza Marques  Superintendent of Integration of the State of Rondônia in Brasilia  State of Rondonia  
Ms. Antônia Eliene Liberato Dias  Mayor of Cáceres  City of Cáceres  
Ms. Tatiana Lie Shashike Silvano  Advisor, Secretary of Subprefectures  Government of State of São Paulo  
Mr. Suzie Lilian Hengleng de Gregori  State of Amapa  
Mr. Thiago Lima Albuquerque  Deputy Attorney General  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Daniela Lima Barbalho  First Lady  State of Pará Government  
Ms. Maricleide Lima da Fonseca  Head of the Governor's Agenda  State of Rondonia  
Ms. Sara Lima de Sousa  Executive Secretary of the Governor's Office and Translator  
Ms. Marta Lisli Ribeiro de Morais Giannichi  President's Advisor  National Bank for Economic and Social Development  
Mr. Mateus Lourenço de Paula  Assistant  Special Secretariat for Social Communication of the Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Francisco Lourenço Faulhaber Bastos Tigre  Director of Financial Area  Brazilian Development Bank  
Mr. Alessandro Lucciola Molon  Federal Deputy  
Ms. Vera Lúcia Alves de Oliveira  Technical Advisor  Government of Pará  
Ms. Vera Lúcia Stumm  Special Adviser to the Minister  Ministry of Enviroment  
Mr. Fernando Lúcio Giacobo  Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Natália Mabel Santos de Oliveira  Executive Secretary of the Institute for Sustainable Development and Environment of Rio Grande do Norte  Government of Rio Grande do Norte  
Mr. Fabricio Herick Machado  State Secretary of Environment and Water Resources  State of Espírito Santo Government  
Mr. Maria Virgínia Magalhães Fernandes Moça  First Lady  State of Espírito Santo Government  
Mr. Clodoaldo Magalhães Oliveira Lyra  State Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. João Manoel Siqueira  State Government Collaborator  Government of Pará  
Ms. Fernanda Mansur Tansini  Second Secretary  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Ruy Manuel Carneiro Barbosa de Aça Belchio  Federal Deputy  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Julianne Maria Alves Moutinho Marta  Technical Advisor  Government of Pará  
Ms. Renata Maria de Araujo  Head of Staff of the State Foundation for the Environment  Minas Gerais State Government  
Ms. Nayara Maria Pessoa Lessa  State Secretary of Communication  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Francineti Maria Rodrigues Carvalho  Mayor  City of Abaetuba  
Ms. Giovanna Maroun D'Angelo Saab  Advisor  São Paulo City Hall  
Ms. Daniella Marques Consentino  President  CAIXA  
Ms. Rejane Marques Mendes  General Coordinator of Rural Environmental Registry Management  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Mr. Daniel Martini  Prosecutor/Coordinator  Operational Support Center for Environmental Defense  Federal Prosecution of Rio Grande do Sul  
Ms. Marta Martins DeVito  Communications Advisor  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Adriano Martins Juras  Federal External Control Auditor  Federal Court of Accounts  
Ms. Maristela Martins Miguel  President of the PCI Institute  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Alice Martins Morais  Liberal Group reporter  Government of Pará  
Mr. Rodrigo Massi da Silva  International Relations Coordinator  Government of State of São Paulo  
Mr. Erich Raphael Masson  Federal Prosecutor  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. André Matheus e Souza  International Relations Advisor of the Secretary of State for the Civil House of Rio de Janeiro  Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro  
Ms. Juliana Mecenero Giordano  Advisor  Senate  
Ms. Inamara Mélo  Secretary of Environment and Sustainability  Secretary of Environment and Sustainability of Pernambuco  Government of Pernambuco  
Mr. Mauro Mendes Ferreira  Governor of Mato Grosso  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Mendes Júnior  State Superintendent of the Environment  Government of Ceará  
Ms. Luana Mendes Pereira  Deputy's Advisor  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Antônio Marcos Mendonça  Analist of Science and Technology  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Ms. Roseneide Mendonça de Sena Caldera  Executive Specialist in Administration - General Coordinator of the REM -AC Program  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Adriano Mendonça Ponte  Secretary of State for Federative and International Relations  State Government of Amazonas  
Ms. Fernanda Mendonça Sérgio Ferreira  Panelist  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Gino Cesar Menezes Paiva  State of Alagoas  
Ms. Julie Messias e Silva  Director of the Department of Ecosystems  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. César Alberto Miranda Lima dos Santos Costa  Secretary of Economic Development of the State of Mato Grosso  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Mariana Miranda Maia Lopes  Director of the Climate Department of the Secretariat for International Relations  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Artur Miranda Sampaio  Head of Office  Rio de Janeiro City Council  
Mr. Robson Monteiro dos Santos  Technical Advisor - State Secretariat of Environment and Water Resources - SEAMA  State of Espírito Santo Government  
Mr. Haroldo Montenegro Ignacio de Almeida  Advisor for Sustainability  Government of Mato Grosso do Sul  
Ms. Bruna Moraes de Aquino  Advisor to the Affairs Center Civil House Internationals  Governo do Estado de Mato Grosso  
Ms. Vilauba Moraes Vital do Rêgo  Union Audit Court  
Mr. Marcelo Marcos Morales  Secretary of Research and Scientific Training  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovations  
Mr. Alessandro Morales Martins  Director of the Federal Senate Police Department.  Federal Senate  
Ms. Isabela Morbach Machado e Silva  State Government Collaborator  Government of Pará  
Mr. Gustavo Henrique Moreira Montezano  President  Brazilian Development Bank  
Ms. Roberta Mota Cavalcanti de Albuquerque Cox  Chief of staff  Minister of Environment  
Ms. Ludmylla Moura de Oliveira Lemos  Communications and Marketing Advisory  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Ms. Iara Musse Felix  Senior Technical Advisor  Combat Monitoring and Control System to illegal deforestation in the state  Government of Mato Grosso do Sul  
Mr. Celso Nascimento de Souza  Technical Advisor  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Fernando Iberê Nascimento Júnior  State of Tocantins  
Ms. Erica Nascimento Monteiro  State Government Collaborator  Government of Pará  
Ms. Paula Ferreira Neves Sodré Queiroz  Executive Director of the MatoGrossense Meat Institute  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Fábio Nogueira de Avelar Marques  Brazilian expert and consultant for GHG negotiations on MBM at the IMO  
Mr. Joel Nogueira Rodrigues  Environment Secretary  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Katherine Nunes de Azevedo  Secretary of the Niterói City Hall Project Management Office  Municipality of Niterói  
Ms. Ana Carolina Nunes Lafemina  Deputy Secretary of Sub districts  Government of State of São Paulo  
Mr. Alexandre Nunes Zucarato  Planning Director of the National Electric System Operator - ONS  MME Operador Nacional do Sistema Elétrico  
Ms. Cristiane Obregon Almeida de Alencar  Public Defender  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Brazil (continued) 
Ms. Rita de Cassia Oliveira Chiletto  Advisor for International Affairs at the Casa Civil  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Francisca Oliveira de Lima Costa Oliveira  Head of the Regulation Department of the Institute for Climate Change and Regulation of Environmental Services of the State of Acre  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Roseane Oliveira de Medeiros  Executive Secretary of SEDET Industry  Government of Ceará  
Mr. Lucas Oliveira de Sousa  Secretary of International Relations and Professor at the Federal University of Mato Grosso  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Cleber Oliveira Soares  Assistant Secretary for Innovation, Sustainable Development and Irrigation  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply  
Ms. Isa Carla Osterkamp  Head of Cabinet, Environmental Protection State Foundation  Rio Grande do Sul State Government  
Ms. Mônica Padilla Borvon Neves Carvalho  Wife of the Special Advisor to the Cabinet of the Mato Grosso State Government  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Giovani Pagotto Fioreze  Press Advisor  State of Espírito Santo Government  
Ms. Mariel Paiva Gischewski Iberê  State of Tocantins  
Mr. Paula Paiva Hofmeister  Program Coordinator  Rio Grande do Sul State  
Mr. José Otávio Passos  State Government Collaborator  Government of Pará  
Ms. Rafaella Patricia do Nascimento Sousa  Superintendent of Waste Management  State of Maranhão  
Ms. Laura Paulino Garcia  Wife of the Special Advisor to the Cabinet of the Mato Grosso State Government  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Mr. Caio Penido Dalla Vecchia  President of the Mato Grosso Meat Institute  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Camilla Penna de Miranda Figueiredo  Coordinator for Climate Change, Environmental Services and Bioeconomy  Government of Pará  
Ms. Aline Pereira Cardoso de Sá Barabinot  Municipal Secretary of Economic Development and Labor  Government of State of São Paulo  
Ms. Letícia Pereira de Andrade  Advisor on Climate Governance at the State Secretariat for Environmental Development - Sedam  State of Rondonia  
H.E. Ms. Eliziane Pereira Gama Melo  Senator  Federal Senate  
Ms. Simone Pereira Gonçalves  Sustainability Coordinator  ABIEC  
Mr. José Humberto Pereira Muniz Filho  Secretary of Partnerships and Investments  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Ms. Simone Pereira Porto  Strategic Advisor  Municipality of Niterói  
Mr. Paulo Pianez Junior  Director of Sustainability and Communication  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply  
Mr. Jean Pierre Henry Balbaud Ometto  Head of Strategic Project Division 3 of the National Institute for Space Research INPE  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovations  
Mr. Rodolfo Pinheiro Bernardo Lôbo  Public Defender  State Government of Amazonas  
Ms. Mirna Pinheiro Caniso  Panelist in the Project: Integrated Center for Geoprocessing and Environmental Monitoring, for management of spatial information, applied to the Command and Control  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Milena Pinheiro Loureiro  Attaché  Brazilian Embassy in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. José Luis Pinho Leite Gordon  President Director of EMBRAPII  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovations  
Mr. Moisés Pinto Gomes  Superintendent of SEBRAE Tocantins  Federal Senate  
Ms. Fabiani Ponciano Vitt Tomaz  Head of the Control Department, Environmental Protection State Foundation of RS  Government of Rio Grande do Sul  
Ms. Gilvana Ponte Linhares da Silva  Special Advisor to the Governor of the State of Ceara  Government of Ceará  
Mr. Rafael Pontes Lima  Secretary of Science and Technology  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Raul Protázio Romão  Assistant Secretary for Water Resources and Climate Change Management  Government of Pará  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Daniel Queiroz de Medeiros Chianca  Senate  
Mr. Ricardo Queiroz de Paiva  General Public Defender  State Government of Amazonas  
Ms. Raysa Queiroz Maciel Rodrigues  Secretary of State for the Environment and Natural Resources  State of Maranhão  
Ms. Vasti Albuquerque Quintana Queiroz  Public Policy Manager  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Silva Rafaela De Moraes  Advisor - GCF  State Government of Amazonas  
Mr. Fábio Augusto Ramalho do sSantos  Federal deputy  
Ms. Rovana Reale Bortoloni  Director of Projects and Sustainability Policies  City Hall of Porto Alegre  
Ms. Kátia Regina de Abreu Gomes  Federal Senator  Federal Senate  
Ms. Glaucia Regina Maders  Investment Director  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Monica Regina Robinson  Minister's Advisor  Ministry of Enviroment  
Mr. Fabio Rego Ribeiro  Head of Management of Privately Held Companies  Brazilian Development Bank  
Mr. Fábio Reis Côrtes  Executive Manager of Strategic Transformation of the National Electric System Operator - ONS  MME National Electric System Operator - ONS  
Ms. Tainá Reis de Paula Kapaz  Councillor  Rio de Janeiro City Hall  
Mr. Gustavo Ressurreição Lopes  State of Alagoas  
Mr. Cesar Augusto Ribeiro  Secretary of State - Secretary for International Affairs  Government of Ceará  
Mr. Carlos Henrique Ribeiro de Carvalho  Undersecretary of Green Economy  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Marco Antônio Ribeiro de Menezes Lagos  State Secretary of Environmental Development  Rondônia State Government  
Ms. Denise Ribeiro de Oliveira  Press officer  Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro  
Mr. Fernando Roberio de Borges Garcia  Special Advisor  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Mr. Leonardo Roberto Ceron  Strategic Advisor to the Presidency  CAIXA  
Ms. Lidiane Rocha de Oliveira Melo  Technologist  Ministry of Science, Technology, Innovation and Communication  
Ms. Brenda Rocha Guimarães  Coordinator for Climate and Environmental Services  Government of Amapá  
Ms. Júlia Rodrigues  Communications Advisor  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Maria Verônica Rodrigues Calheiros  Senate  
Mr. Lucas Rodrigues dos Santos  Communications Advisor  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Felipe Rodrigues Gomes Ferreira  Diplomat of Division of Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Márcio Rojas da Cruz  General Coordinator of Climate Science and Sustainability  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Carlos Rosa da Silveira  Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Paulo Cezar Rotella Braga  Diplomat  Division of Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Max Joel Russi  Mato Grosso State Deputy  State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Maria Fernanda Sa Ferrer de Oliva  Business Advisor  Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro  
Mr. Erika Sabino de Melo Avila  Director of Human Rights of the Secretariat of Citizenship and Justice  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Ms. Monique Sacardo Ferreira  Project Coordinator  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Rodolfo Sahium Ribeiro  Advisor Diplomat  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Beatriz Sakuma Narita  Technical Advisor  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Mr. Luiz Alvaro Salles Aguiar de Menezes  Undersecretary  Foreign Trade  State of São Paulo  
Mr. Hugo Salomão França  Advisor  Government of State of São Paulo  
Mr. Adriano Santhiago de Oliveira  Environment Analyst  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Giulia Santi de Brito  Advisor  Government of State of São Paulo  
Mr. Giorgio Gulliver Santos de Lima  City of Abaetuba  
Mr. Pedro Eduardo Santos Ferreira  Interpreter  Government of Pernambuco  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Kepler Santos Lima de Brito  Legal Advisor of the Institute of Sustainable Development and Environment of Rio Grande do Norte  Government of Rio Grande do Norte  
Mr. Fernando Sardenberg Zelner Gonçalves  Assistant Secretary of Commerce and International Relations  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Mr. André Schatz Pellicciotti  Panelist in the activities of the Environmental Regularization Program of Acre  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Leonardo Schorcht Bracony Porto Ferreira  Executive Secretary for the Environment  Government of Santa Catarina  
Mr. Vinicius Scofield Siqueira  Coordinator of International Affairs of the Cabinet of the Minister  Ministry of Education  
Ms. Aline Sena Carmona  Advisor  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. José Antônio Sepeda Silva  Environmental Licensing and Monitoring Coordinator  State of Rondônia  
Mr. Atila Sidney Lins de Albuquerque  Federal Deputy  Brazilian Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Mr. Rosângela Silva de Oliveira Benjamim  Technical Director of Projects of the Company for Environmental Development and Services - CDSA  Government of the State of Acre  
Ms. Maíra Silva Galvão Araujo  Secretary Chief of Staff of the Municipality of Palmas  Government of Tocantins  
Mr. Julio Cesar Silva Santos  Secretary of Agriculture, Livestock and Fisheries  Government of Maricá  
Mr. Daniel Silveira Barreto  Superintendent of Energy  Brazilian Development Bank  
Mr. Richard Eilers Smith  Sustainability advisor of the Mato Grosso Meat Institute  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Adriana Soares de Carvalho  State of Maranhão  
Mr. Jairo Soares Mariano  Secretary of the Executive Secretariat of the Governor's Office  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Ms. Adriana Sobral Barbosa Mandarino  Head of the Policy and Planning Office  Federal District Government  
Mr. Selma Solange Monteiro Santos  Technical Advisor  Government of Pará  
Ms. Karynne Sotero Campos  Executive Secretary of the Secretariat of Environment and Water Resources  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. Quelyson Souza de Lima  Technical Coordinator -State Forest Engineer for the State Secretariat of Environment and Indigenous Policies  Government of the State of Acre  
Mr. Celso Spada Fiori  Head of Mercuria's Natural Climate Solutions and Bioenergy in Brazil  Government of Tocantins  
Ms. Nayara Bruna Stocker Giacobo  Spouse  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Caio Fabio Stoffel Efrom  Director of the Agricultural Research Department  Rio Grande do Sul State  
Ms. Micheli Tassiani Petry  Secretary of Codesul and Coordinator of the Governor's Office  Government of Rio Grande do Sul  
Mr. Eduardo Taveira Costa  Secretary of State for the Environment  State Government of Amazonas  
Ms. Virgínia Raquel Taveira e Silva Mendes Ferreira  First Lady  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Renato Teixeira Brandão  President  Fundação Estadual de Meio Ambiente de Minas Gerais  
Ms. Cláudia Telles de Menezes P. Martins Lelis  State Representative  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Ms. Marta Teresa Suplicy  Municipal Secretary of International Relations  Government of State of São Paulo  
Ms. Marli Teresinha dos Santos  Superintendent of Environmental Public Policy Management of the Secretariat of Environment and Water Resources  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. Jean Paul Terra Prates  Senator of the Republic  Federal Senate  
Mr. Marcelo Theoto Rocha  Consultant  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Josilene Ticianelli Vannuzini Ferrer  Advisor  Environmental Agency of São Paulo State Government  
Ms. Sylvia Torrecilha  Environmental Inspector  Government of Mato Grosso do Sul  
Mr. Rodrigo Tostes de Alencar Mascarenhas  Attorney  State of Rio de Janeiro  
Brazil (continued) 
Mr. Gilberto Ubaiara Rodrigues  Communications Secretary  Government of Amapá  
Mr. Bernardo Valentim Pinto Gonçalves  Advisor to the Secretariat of Agriculture, Livestock and Fisheries  Government of Maricá  
Mr. Ary José Vanazzi  Mayor of São Leopoldo/RS  São Leopoldo City Hall  
Mr. José Renan Vasconcelos Calheiros  Senator  Senate  
Ms. Daniella Velloso Borges Ribeiro  Senator  Brazilian Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union  
Mr. José Carlos Veras dos Santos  Federal Deputy  
Ms. Maria Letícia Verdi Rossi  Communication Consultant of the CITinova Project - Promoting Sustainable Cities in Brazil  Federal District Government  
Mr. Alessandro Vieira  Senator  
Mr. Ricardo Vieira Araújo  Technologist  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Bruno Vieira de Macedo  Public server  Federal Government  
Mr. Mauricio Vieira Locks  Executive Consultant  Government of Santa Catarina  
Mr. Everton Vieira Vargas  International Relations Advisor for the Government of Pará  Government of Pará  
Ms. Fabiana Villa Alves  Director of Sustainable Production and Irrigation  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply  
Mr. Daniel Vinícius Netto  President IMA  Government of Santa Catarina  
Mr. Veneziano Vital do Rêgo Segundo Neto  Senator  Senate  
Mr. Marcello Vittório de Ribeiro e Queiroz  Technical Assistant  Legal Amazon Consortium  
Mr. Leonardo Vivaldini dos Santos  Analyst and Coordinator of the Family Agriculture Subprogram  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Ms. Andréia Wagner  Mayor of the Municipality of Jaciara and wife of State Representative Max Joel Russi  State of Mato Grosso  
H.E. Mr. Jaques Wagner  Senator  Senate  
Mr. Rony Walter Azoinayce Paresi  Advisor to the Superintendence of Indigenous Affairs  State of Mato Grosso Government  
Ms. Narubia Werreria  President of the Indigenous Institute of Tocantins  Governo do Estado de Tocantins  
Mr. Ricardo Woldmar  Project Manager PCI Strategy  Government of the State of Mato Grosso  
Mr. Alexandre Xavier Ywata de Carvalho  Special Secretary for Productivity and Competitiveness  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Bruno Yoheiji Kono Ramos  President of ITERPA  Government of Pará  
H.E. Mr. Helder Zahluth Barbalho  Governor of Pará  Government of Pará  
Mr. Rodolpho Zahluth Bastos  Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management and Regularity  Government of Pará  
Mr. Adriano Zucolotto Martins  Special Advisor  Governor's Office  State of Espírito Santo Government  
Brunei Darussalam 
H.E. Mr. Dato Dr. Abdul Manaf Metussin  Ministry of Primary Resources and Tourism  
H.E. Mr. Pg. Md. Salimin Pg. Md. Daud  Ambassador of Brunei Darussalam to Egypt  Embassy of Brunei Darussalam in Egypt  
Mr. Hamdy Abdel Moneim  Embassy of Brunei Darussalam in Cairo  
Ms. Sufina Raihani Haji Mohd Salleh  Special Duties Officer  Brunei Climate Change Secretariat  Ministry of Development  
Mr. Ahmad Zaiemaddien Halbi  Head of Brunei Climate Change Secretariat  Brunei Climate Change Secretariat  Ministry of Development  
Mr. Abdul Matiin Bin Hj Muhammad Kasim  Energy Officer  Energy and Industry Department  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Munir Nordin  Embassy of Brunei Darussalam in Cairo  
Mr. Fadhlullah Omarali  Senior Special Duties Officer  Brunei Climate Change Secretariat  
Mr. Awangku Zulkhairi Pengiran Abdul Razak  Tourism Officer  Ministry of Primary Resources and Tourism, Brunei  
Mr. Pengiran Mohammad Iskandar Pengiran Aliudin  Senior Forestry Officer  Department of Forestry  Ministry of Primary Resources and Tourism, Brunei  
Brunei Darussalam (continued) 
Ms. Pengiran Hjh Siti Nirmala Pengiran Hj Mohammad  Permanent Secretary- Vision  Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Dk Nur Afifah Atikah Pg Hj Ismail  Brunei Climate Change Secretariat  Ministry of Development  
Ms. Liyana Ramlee  Brunei Climate Change Secretariat  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Azhar Yahya  Permanent Secretary- Energy  Office of the Permanent Secretary- Energy  Ministry of Energy  
Bulgaria 
H.E. Mr. Rumen Georgiev Radev  President of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Ms. Rositsa Atanasova Karamfilova-Blagova  Minister of Environment and Water of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Ms. Zornitsa Petrova Apostolova  Foreign Policy Adviser of the President of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Mr. Kiril Atanasov Atanasov  Media Relations Secretary  
Ms. Veneta Vladimirova Borikova  State Expert  Climate Change Policy Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Ivan Istiliyanov Dimitrov  Director of the Protocol Directorate to the President of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Ms. Lyubomira Gancheva Gancheva  Head of the political office of the Minister of Energy of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Mr. Rosen Ivanov Hristov  Minister of Energy of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Mr. Roussi Bogolubov Ivanov  Secretary for Foreign Policy of the President of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Ms. Raya Petrova Ivanova  Protocol, Administration of the President  
Mr. Slavina Ivanova Ivanova  Advisor to the Minister of Energy of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Mr. Deyan Angelov Katratchev  Ambassador of the Republic of Bulgaria to the Arab Republic of Egypt  Ministry of foreign affair  
Ms. Dilyana Filipova Kundeva  Protocol, Administration of the President  
Mr. Svetlin Raychev Milchev  advisor  Ministry of foreign affair  
Ms. Boryana Ivanova Papazcheva-Kamenova  Director  Climate Change Policy Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Grigor Kalinov Porozhanov  Director of the UN and Global Affairs Directorate, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Bulgaria  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Desislava Kirilova Radeva  Spouse of the President of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Mr. Stefan Krasimirov Savov  Deputy Minister of Inovation and Growth, Ministry of Innovation and Growth of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Mr. Alexander Svetlinov Seferinov  Attache at the Embassy of Republic of Bulgaria in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tanya Dimova Stefanova  Head of Department in the Public Relations Directorate, Administration of the President  
Ms. Tzveta Jekova Timeva  Secretary General of the President of the Republic of Bulgaria  
Ms. Svetlana Valerieva Tusheva  Senior Expert  Climate Change Policy Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Svetlana Georgieva Zhekova  Advisor for the Minister of Environment and Water  
Burkina Faso 
S.E. M. Alassane Moné  Ambassadeur Extraordinaire et Plénipotentiaire du Burkina Faso  Ambassade du Burkina Faso en Egypte  
Mr. Samuel Paré  Secrétaire Général Adjoint  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Somanegre Nana  Coordonnateur Technique  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l'Energie, de l'Eau et de l'Assainissement  
Mr. Do Etienne Traore  National UNFCCC Focal Point  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Energie, de l'Eau et de l'Assainissement  Secretariat Permanent du Conseil National pour le Développement Durable  
Mr. Check Sidi Mohamed Traore  Coordinateur Technique  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Energie, de l'Eau et de l'Assainissement  SP/CNDD  
M. Moussa Traoré  Agent chargé de Protocole  Ambassade du Burkina Faso en Egypte  
Mr. Barnabe Kabore  Directeur Général des Eaux et Forêts  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Burkina Faso (continued) 
Mr. Pamoussa Ouedraogo  Directeur Général de l'Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  Direction Générale de l'Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  
Mr. Boubakar Ilboudo  Directeur des Etudes et Statistiques Sectorielles  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Moustapha Congo  Secrétaire Permanent de la Gestion Intégrée des Ressources en eau  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Nebyida Lamech Kabore  Assistant à l’AND/FVC Spécialiste en Atténuation aux Changements Climatiques  Primature  Secrétariat Exécutif du Fonds Vert pour le Climat  
Mr. Basile Ouedraogo  Assistant à l’AND/FVC Spécialiste en adaptation aux Changements Climatiques  Primature  Secrétariat Exécutif du Fonds Vert pour le Climat  
Mme Warvar Peirye Isabelle Dabire  Chargé de Mission  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Habraham Somda  Assistant, spécialiste en planification et suivi évaluation  Primature  Secrétariat Exécutif du Fonds Vert pour le Climat  
Mr. Joel Zoungrana  Directeur Général de l'Agence Nationale de la Météorologie  Ministère des Transports, de la Mobilité Urbaine et de la Sécurité Routière  
Mr. Tidjani Zougouri  Directeur Général de l’Agence Nationale des Evaluations Environnementales  Ministere Environnement de l'Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  ANEVE  
Mr. Koudtanga Jean Marie Sourwema  Directeur Général du Fonds d’Intervention pour l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  Fonds d'Intervention pour l'Environnement  
Mr. Aboubacar Toguyeni  Professeur d'Université  Uversité Nazi Boni  
Mr. Issa Yonaba  Président du Conseil d'Administration du Fonds d'Intervention pour l'Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l'Eau et de l'Assainissement  
S.E. Mme Abzeita Djigma  Directrice de la Fondation  Fondation Abze  
Mr. Asselira Bantira  Chef de service Administratif et Finacier  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mme Anta Zida  chef du Service de santé publique environnementale à la Direction de la protection de la santé de la population,  Ministère de la Santé et de l’hygiène publique  
Mr. Antoine de Padou Bonane  Spécialiste en Gestion environnementale  Ministère de l'Urbanisme des Affaires Foncières et de l'Habitat  
Mr. Nebnoma Alain Combassere  Autorité Nationale du Mécanisme pour un developpement propre  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  Secretariat Permanent du Conseil National pour le Développement Durable  
Mme Bibata Kabore  Secrétaire des Affaires Etrangères à la Direction des Organisations Internationales  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères, de la Coopération Régionale et des Burkinabè de l’Extérieur  
Mr. Mahamadou Ouedraogo  Coordonnateur Délégué du projet HYDROMET  Ministère des Transports, de la Mobilité Urbaine et de la Sécurité Routière  
Mr. Kouka Ouedraogo  Point Focal Plan National d'adaptation aux changements climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Energie de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. François Sam  Directeur de la Prospective et de la Planification Opérationelle  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Energie de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Wendinmi Hyacinthe Ismael Sawadogo  Primature  
Mr. Mamadou Batiene  Point Focal REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  Programme d'Investissement Forestier  
Mr. Guillaume Windelassida Kabré  Direccteur Régional du FIE Nord  FIE  
Mr. Abdoul Karim Dipama  Directeur par Intérim du Département des Politiques de Développement Durable  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Burkina Faso (continued) 
Mme Baro/Ky Marthe  Point Foal LIFE-AR  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  SP/CNDD  
Mr. Abdoulaye Sawadogo  Directeur du Reporting et de l'Evaluation  
Mr. Georges Geoffroy Kuate Kuate  Asssitant Technique International REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mme Yvonne Pétronille R Yaméogo  Point Focal Genre et Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Sylvestre Noaga Tiemtoré  Coordonnateur du SPONG  SPONG  
Mr. Didier Bako  Point Focal Transparene Climatique au SP/CNDD  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mme Hawa Diawara Sangaré  Directrice des Inspections et des Audits environnementaux  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Eau et de l'assainissement  Agence Nationale des Évaluations Environnementales  
Mr. Pierre Omer Ouindtoin Ouedraogo  Coordonnateur du Projet Benkadi  Secrétariat Permanent des ONG  
Mme Banwabi Haoua Hetie  Specialiste en droit de l'environnement du STN/REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Kalfa Ouattara  DCPM  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Winebele Hien  Traducteur-Interprète  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Kissifing Tihouhon Rodrigue Hilou  Responsable de la cellule sauvegardes du secrétariat Technique REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Lionel Christian Bougaire  Chargé de communication du projet HYDROMET  Ministère des Transports, de la Mobilité Urbaine et de la Sécurité Routière  
Mr. Thierry Rolland Nongebzanga Ouedraogo  Expert en Communication du PGPC/REDD+  Ministère de l'Environnement de l'Economie Verte et du Changement Climatique  Programme d'Investissement Forestier  
Mr. Sibidou Sina  Membre Association  Association Héritiers et Continuateurs de l’œuvre de Thomas Sankara pour l’Environnement  
Mr. Abdoulkarim Dan Koulou  Responsable UAM/CID  CILSS  
Mr. Henri Songoti  Chef de Département Appui Technique  CILSS  
Mr. Jean-Claude Ouedraogo  Expert web mapping, point focal de la plateforme ECOAGRIS  CILSS  
Mr. Moussa Waongo  Expert Agrométéorologue, formateur  CILSS  
Mr. Amadou Zoungrana  Expert en suivi-évaluation du programme Benkadi  SPONG  
Mr. Mahamoudou Savadogo  Expert Environnement et en changement Climatique du programme Benkadi  SPONG  
Mme Tiemtore Tougma Clarisse  Expert genre du programme Benkadi Burkina Faso  SPONG  
Mr. Manegdo Mamady Ouedraogo  Cherf de Service Recherche et Mobilisation des Financements  FIE  
Mr. Drissa Drabo  Directeur des Etudes et Planification  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Amedée Narcisse Nikiema  Directeur de Partenariat, de la communication et de participation publique  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mme Wendekouni Lucile Yougbare Tougouri  Directrice du contrôle de la règlementation et du contentieux  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Jean Philippe Badolo  Chargé des questions d’Adaptation au SP/CNDD  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Dissa Kone  Chargé des questions d’Atténuation au SP/CNDD  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Georges Bazongo  Director of West Africa Operations  Tree Aid West Africa  
Burkina Faso (continued) 
Mr. Dambatia Lazare Tagnabou  Point Focal National de la convention sur la Lutte Contre la Désertification  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Boudassida Rouamba  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Mamoudou Ouedraogo  Coordonnateur National Association A-2E  SPONG  Association A-2E  
Mr. Souleymane Gaye  Representant pays ONG NITIDAE  ONG NITIDAE  
Mr. Antonius Petrus Maria Martens  Assistant de la diretrice de la fondation Abze  Fondation Abze  
Mr. Remi Zougouri  Expert CBIT  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Energie de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Gueswinde Sawadogo  Chef de la cellule MNV-SE du STN/REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement, de l’Energie, de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Wendpanga Jacques Ismael Tarama  Responsable du service de mobilisation des ressources et du partenariat  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Ulrich Jacques Diasso  Directeur Technique  Ministère des Transports, de la Mobilité Urbaine et de la Sécurité Routière  
Mr. Youssouf Ouedraogo  OXFAM  
Mr. Moumouni Compaore  OXFAM  
Mr. Aboubacar Okana Lougué  Organisations de la Société Civile  Coordination Nationale des Jeunes pour l'Environnement et le Climat  
Mr. Khaled Yattara  Expert communication et Plaidoyer du programme Régional Benkadi  Programme Benkadi  
Ms. Wendyam Emeline Ouedraogo  OXFAM  
Mr. Laurent Domboue  
Mme Azeita Koussoube  
Ms. Wendpanga Safiatou Farida Bonkoungou  OXFAM  
Mr. Kwesse Moïse Sanou  Chef de projet appui à la CDN  CESAO-AI  
Mr. Ilboudo Daniel  Assistant au chef de projet appui à la CDN  Afrique Verte  
Mr. Wendpayangdé Dimitri Tientega  Directeur Exécutif de l’association des Jeunes Acteurs de l’Energie  
Mr. Dramane Coulibaly  Coordonnateur Régional  CESAO-AI  
Mme Safiatou Nana  
Mr. Wendintare Fabris Compaoré  Chargé de Suivi-Evaluation, Projet GCCA+ AO  ARAA  CEDEAO  
Mr. Yohann Teddy Ronald Zaba  Chargé de Projet Pilotes, Projet GCCA+AO  ARAA  CEDEAO  
Mr. Souleymane Ouattara  President World Friends for Africa Burkina Faso  ENDA ENERGIE  World Friends for Africa Burkina Faso  
Mr. Dasgupta Shouro  PhD Researcher and Lecture  Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change | Ca' Foscari University of Venice  RFF-CMCC European Institute on Economics and the Environment  
Mme Elizabeth Jane Zimilia Robinson  Professor  Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change | Ca' Foscari University of Venice  RFF-CMCC European Institute on Economics and the Environment  
Mr. Mwinbesagr Desiré Koussielé Somé  Coordonnateur de projet  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Energie de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mr. Sidbe Wendin Nestor Ouedraogo  Chargé de programme Senior/Changement Climatique et Energies durables  ONG Christian Aid  
Mr. Isham Boris Sonny  Responsable du système Management de Qualité, chef du projet d’accréditation pour le Fonds Vert  CORIS BANK International  
Mr. Oblé Neya  Intervention Manager Régional Portefeuille Thématique Climat Sahel  ENABEL  
Mme Nia Sidonie Christiane Ouattara  ENABEL  
Mr. Hamado Rabo  ENABEL  
Mr. Nakandé Alassane  
Mr. Mourima Mai Moussa  Secrétaire Exécutif de l’Alliance  Alliance pour le Biodigesteur en Afrique de l’Ouest et du Centre  
Mr. Aboubacar Tarore  Regional PMEL Coordinator  Benkadi Programme  
Mr. Sayouba Bonkoungou  President de l'ADEDR  Association APEDR  
Burkina Faso (continued) 
Mr. Isidore Sama  Chargé du projet d'Amélioration du Potentiel Hydrique dans les Aires Fauniques du Burkina Faso  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Energie de l'Eau et de l'Assainissement  
Mme Valentine Lecluse  Senior Project Manager  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mme Sian Emma Fedeski  Project Manager  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Mahamadi Sebogo  Journaliste  SiDWAYA  
Mr. Daouda Traore  Projet BENKADI  Secrétariat Permanent des ONG  
Mme Deita Sylvie Yaméogo/Bassono  Consultante en Communication pour l’Alliance  Alliance pour le Biodigesteur en Afrique de l’Ouest et du Centre  
Mme Adama Fatimata Sonia Audrey Bande  Juriste Environnementaliste  COWATER_BF  
Mr. Seydou Diarra  
Mr. Jean Marc Sika  Assistant Technique Principal HIVOS  Alliance pour le Biodigesteur en Afrique de l’Ouest et du Centre  
Mme Djalika Dicko  
Mr. Victor Hugo Espinosa  
Mr. Dominique Noël Robin  
Mr. Abdel Aziz Dabiré  Responsable Administratif et Financier  Ministère de l’Environnement de l’Energie de l’Eau et de l’Assainissement  
Mme Patigdèba Corinne Alida Kabre  doctorante  Institut d'Etude politiques  
Mr. Lanssina To  Président Chef du projet « My Planet »  
Mme Aicha Hadja Diallo  Membre de l’association  Association Thin Hinan  
Mme Saoudata Walet Aboubacrine  Secrétaire Générale de l'Association Tin Hinane  Coalition des Organisations de la Société Civile sur le Changement Climatique  Association Tin Hinane  
Ms. Fatoumata Diallo  Coordonnatrice Nationale Adjointe de l'Alliance Panafricaine pour la Justice Climatique  l'Alliance Panafricaine pour la Justice Climatique  Greener Impact International  
Mr. Bangre Sylvestre Ouedraogo  Facilitateur du GAGF  SPONG  
Mr. Charles Didace Konseibo  Directeur du CES  SPONG  
Mr. René Bayili  Membre du Parlement National de la Jeunesse pour l'Eau  Parlement National de la Jeunesse pour l'Eau  
Mme Nanawenden Pauline Sawadogo  Membre du Parlement National de la Jeunesse pour l'Eau  Parlement National de la Jeunesse pour l'Eau  
Mme Taryam Farida Sabrina Wily  Membre du Parlement National de la Jeunesse Burkinabe pour l'Eau  Parlement National de la Jeunesse Burkinabe pour l'Eau  
Mme Hortense Kagambega/Traore  Programme Manager  Women Environmental Programme  
Mr. Kouzarbou Armel Mathias Tarnagda  Etudiant à l'Uniersité Senghor d'Alexandrie  
Mr. Idrissa Diabaté  Etudiant à l'Université Senghor d'Alexandrie  
Mr. Dramane Savadogo  Directeur des Evaluations Environnnementales Strategiques et des Etudes et Notices d'Impacts sur l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement de l'Eau et de l'Assainissement  Agence Nationale des Évaluations Environnementales  
Mr. Vincent Tondé  Responsable Suivi évaluation et développement social  Minsitère de l'Environnement de l'Eau et de l'Assainissment  
Mr. Bazomboue Gregoire Bazie  
Burundi 
M. Sanctus Niragira  Ministre  Ministère  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Agriculture et de l'Elevage  
Mr. Augustin Ngenzirabona  Directeur Général  Institut Géographique du Burundi  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Agriculture et de l'Elevage  
Mr. Nshimirimana Donat  Advisor  Environment office  Presidence Burundi  
Mr. Vital Bambanze  Director  Unissons-nous pour la promotion des Batwa  
Ms. Renilde Ndayishimiye  Directrice  Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Agriculture et de l'Elevage  
Mr. Diomède Ndayirukiye  Director General  DGPATIF  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Gervais Niyibizi  Officier de Police  Protection Civile et prévention des catastrophes naturelles  Ministère de l'Intérieur et de Développement Communautaire  
Burundi (continued) 
Ms. Alice-Anny Akingabiye  Représentante Légale  ODDI  Organisation Pour le Développement durable integré  
Mr. Bathermy Tsafack Tagny  Chef de mission  Eau et Assainissement  Environment Action Association  
Mr. Schadrack Girukwishaka  Enseignant  Enseignement Supérieur  MINEDUC  
Mr. Félicien Nyorobeka  Directeur Général  DGREA  Mineagrie  
Mr. Jadot Nkurunziza  Représentant d'une Association des Jeunes  ONG  Burundi Office of Environment  
Mr. Audry Rusangwa  Founder et CEO  Ishaka  ISHAKA 2250  
Ms. Rebecca Rivuzimana  Communication  Agriculture  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Livestock  
Mr. Liévin Ndayizeye  Cadre  OBPE  Mineagrie  
Mme Menedore Ntirampeba  DG Adjoint  Protection Civile et Gestion des Catastrophes  Ministère de l'Intérieur et de Développement Communautaire  
M. Alexis Nimubona  Conseiller  Direction Générale  Institut Géographique du Burundi  
Mr. Epimeny Nibizi  Deputé  Cellule Environnement  Parlement  
H.E. Mr. Albert Shingiro  Ministre  Affaires Etrangères  Ministere  
Mr. Jules Ndihokubwayo  Chef du Protocole d'Etat  Protocole  Présidence  
M. Epitace Nduwamahoro  Officier d'ordonance  Ordonnance  Présidence  
Mr. Alain Diomède Nzeyimana  Porte parole  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. Bernard Ntahiraja  Ambassadeur  cabinet  Ministère des affaires étrangères et de la coopération au développement  
Mme Angelique Ndayihimbaze  Conseillère  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and External Cooperation  
M. Racine Mizero  Photographe  Presidence  Présidence  
Mr. Gedeon Ntibashirinzigo  Conseiller  Protocole  Burundi  
Mme Irène Kabura Murihano  Chargée des missions  Présidence  Burundi  
M. Juvénal Bigirimana  Journaliste  Rtnb  Burundi  
Mr. Remy Ntakarutimana  Cameraman  Rtnb  Burundi  
Mr. Sheikh Malachie Rachid Niragira  Ambassadeur  RAE Burundi  Burundi  
Mme Elisabeth Mugirasoni  Premiere conseillere  Ambassade  Burundi en Egypte  
Mr. Prudence Bizimana  Conseiller  Direction générale  Institut Géographique du Burundi  
Mr. Sylvain Tusanga  Directeur Exécutif  Mineagrie  Autorité du Lac Tanganyika  
Mr. Kheris Manirakiza  Directeur Général  Chambre sectoriel d'entreprise  CON and B.INC  
Mr. Aloys Bizindavyi  Attaché militaire  Ambassade  Burundi Caire  
Mme Carine Hakizimana  Chef de service  Environnement et ressources naturelles  Ministere de l'EAC  
Mme Odette Kayitesi  Coordinnatrice  Projet  Restauration des paysages  
Mr. Ferdinand Nderagakura  Expert  aménagement  Projet de Restauration et de Résilience du Paysage du Burundi  
Mme Liberate Nicayenzi  Député  Peuple autochtone  Parlement  
Mme Sandra Kinyomvyi  Chargée des programmes  ONG  Organisation de Défense de l'Environnement et Development au Burundi  
Mr. Alfred Innocent Museremu  Cadre  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. Willy Ciza  Point de Contact Gouvernemental  GEAP  Ministère Energie  
Burundi (continued) 
Mr. Epimène Ntunzwenimana  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. Thierry Hatungimana  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. J.Bosco Nduwayo  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. Emile Niyonkuru  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. Egide Nijimbere  Fonctionnair  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. Gordien Nshimirimana  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. Thierry Ndayizigamiye  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  Burundi  
Mme Caritas Nshimirimana  Conseiller  Intendance  Présidence  
Mme Immaculée Kabura  Chef de service  Environnement  Mineagrie  
Mr. Abel Kagisye  Représentant légal  Horizon for Green  
M. Etienne Ndayishimiye  Trésorier  UNIPROBA  Unissons-nous pour la promotion des Batwa  
Mr. Delphin Kaze  Directeur Général  KAZE GREEN  KAGE  
Mr. Idriss Bexi Warsama Bexi Warsama  Conseiller Principal  NCE/Burundi CO  United Nations Development Programme  
Mme Donatienne Girukwishaka  DG  Promotion des Femmes et Egalité du Genre  Ministère  
Mme Sylvie Nzoyifasha  Coordinatrice  FAPS  Ministère  
Mr. Zéphyrin Maniratanga  Ambassadeur  Nations unies à New York  Burundi  
H.E. Mr. Ezéchiel Nibigira  Ministre  Communauté est Africaine, de la Jeunesse et Sport et de la Culture  Burundi  
Mr. Edouard Bizimana  Chargé de mission  Présidence  Burundi  
Mr. Julius Muthwii Mbati  Security  Officer  EcoArts Connections  
Mme Florence Ochango  Principal Officer  Officer  East African Community  
Mr. Hugues Nimpagaritse  Représentant légal  APBEE  Association Pour le Bien Etre de l'Environnement  
Mr. Jean Pierre Gatore  CG  OBUHA  Infrastructures  
Cabo Verde 
H.E. Mr. Gilberto Correia Carvalho Silva  Minister  MAA  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Fisheries  
H.E. Mr. Jose Maria Neves  Prime Minister  Presidência da Republica  
Mme Ester Araújo de Brito  Presidente of Institut of Meteorology  Ministry for Agriculture and Environment  Instituto Nacional de Meteorologia e Geofísica  
Ms. Cherie Ann Bridges  ONG  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Ricard Gustaf Brisius  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Sra. Ana Madalena da Veiga  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. José Maria De Pina Teixeira  Chefe da Guarnição do Presidente da República  Presidência da República  Presidência da Republica  
Ms. Carla Helena Dos Reis Semedo  Diretora de Serviço de Mobilização de Recursos-DNP  DNP  
Mr. Fernando Augusto Duarte Couto  Fernando.Couto@presidencia.cv  Presidente da Republica  Presidência da Republica  
Mr. Rito Evora  Director Nacional Industria Comercio e Energia  MICE  Ministerio Industria Comercio e Energia  
M. Ethel Fernandes Rodrigues  Directora Nacional Ambiente  MAA  
Sr. Julio Cesar Freire de Morais  Embaixador  MNE  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros  
Mr. Renaldo Gomes Rodrigues  Diretor de Protocolo do Presidente da República  presidência da Republica  Presidência da Republica  
Cabo Verde (continued) 
Mr. José Domingos Gonzalez Miguez  Consultor  MAA  
Ms. Leinira Lopes Sanches  Diplomata  Negócios Estrangeiros  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros  
Mr. Alexandre Nevsky Medina Rodrigues  Assessor Ministro Ambiente  MAA  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ambiente  
Ms. Luzia Mendes Oliveira  Assessora Especial do Presidente da República para as Mudanças Climáticas  Presidência da Republica  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Moniz  Director of Service  Institute of Meteorology and Geophysic  Ministry of Environment, Rural Development and Sea Resources  
Mr. Júlio Monteiro Rodrigues  Ministério Saude  Ministério Saúde  Ministério da Saúde  
Mr. Djony Ary Moreira Teixeira  Membro da Guarnição do Presidente da República  Presidencia da Republica  Presidência da Republica  
Mme Gracia Patricia Sala Pareja  ONG  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Ms. Inês Sousa Mourão  Consultant  MAA  
Mr. Johan Olof Strid  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Augusto Abílio Tavares Pereira da Veiga  Diretor de Protocolo do Presidente da República,  Presidencia da Republia  Presidência da Republica  
Mr. José Carlos Tavares Soares  Membro da Guarnição do Presidente da República  Presidência da República  Presidência da Republica  
Mr. Jorge Tolentino Araújo  Embaixador  Presidência da Republica  
Ms. Joana Olinda Veiga Miranda  Assessora Especial do Presidente da República para a Imprensa  Presidência da Republica  
Cambodia 
H.E. Mr. Samal Say  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mao Hak  Department of Climate Change  General Directorate of Policy and Strategy  
H.E. Ms. Somaly Chan  Under Secretary of State  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Ms. Phaloeun Chan  Under Secretary of State  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
H.E. Mr. Sam Ang Chea  Secretary of State  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Aun Chea  Secretary of State  The State Secretariat of Civil Aviation  
Mr. Chan Thou Chea  Director  General Directorate of Policy and Strategy, Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Doungsavuth Chhay  Director  Kratie Provincial Department of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Khom Chhay  Deputy Chief of Office  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Kann Chhim  Deputy Governor  Mondulkiri Province (Local Government)  Ministry of Interior  
Mr. Delux Chhun  Director  Forestry Administration  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Sothun Chin  Director  Department of Planning and Budgeting  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Paris Chuop  Under Secretary of State  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Suwanna Barbara Gauntlett  CEO  Wildlife Alliance Cambodia  
H.E. Mr. Chanthoeun Heng  Deputy Director General  General Department of Policy and Strategy  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Naborey Hout  Chief of Office  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Sreymol Keo  Deputy Chief of Office  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Sopheak Keo  Director  Mondulkiri Provincial Department of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Vichetratha Khlok  Deputy Director  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Puthyra Kong  Director  Pursat Provincial Department of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Leticia Clavecilla Labre  Director  The Forest Plan for Everland LLC  
Mr. Chivin Leng  Director  Department of Geographic Information and Services  Ministry of Environment  
Cambodia (continued) 
Mr. Kesaro Loeung  Deputy Director General  General Directorate of Administration for Nature Conservation and Protection  
Mr. Lido Lun  Deputy Chief of Office  Department of Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Chaynam Mang  Under Secretary of State  Office of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Channarith Mean  Chief Business Officer  Foreign Trade Bank of Cambodia  
Ms. Chanthyda Meas  Deputy Director General  General Department of Environmental Knowledge and Information  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Seanchhun Men  Team Leader of Research Division  General Department of Policy  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. Sotiara Nou  Head  FI and Corporate Banking Department  Foreign Trade Bank of Cambodia  
Mr. Mactheary OM  Director  Kampong Speu Provincial Department of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Somanak Peov  Director  Kandal Provincial Department of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Mariela Perrone Reed  Manager  Global Policy  Conservation International  
Mr. Dylihuor Pha  Assistant  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Sokham Pheng  Secretary of State  Ministry of Labour and Vocational Training  
H.E. Mr. Tin Ponlok  Secretary of State  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Gerald Elliot Prolman  CEO  Everland Company  
H.E. Mr. Ung Say  Adviser and Head of the Department  Department of Nutrition and Health  Council for Agricultural and Rural Development  
Mr. Touch Sim  Technical Officer  Climate Change Department  
H.E. Mr. Silo Sok  Secretary General  Council for Agricultural and Rural Development  
Mr. Bun Heng Sok  Deputy Chief of Multilateral Cooperation 2  General Department of International Cooperation and Dept Management  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. Chansocheat Song  Director  Preah Vihea Provincial Department of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Cheat Sum  Chief of Office  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Thy Sum  Deputy Director General  General Department of Policy and Strategy  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Vichea Suon  Adviser to the MOC and Director  Department of Intellectual Property  Ministry of Commerce  
Mr. Sitha Vichika Svay  Deputy Director of the Minister's Cabinet  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Pechsreysaath Tea  Head of Risk Management  Canadia Bank  
Mr. Sovanna Thach  Director  Water Resource Management and Conservation Department  Ministry of Water Resources and Meteorology  
Mr. Jeudi Thay  Director  Green Finance Department  Agricultural and Rural Development Bank  
H.E. Mr. Sopheak Top  Secretary of State  Ministry of Tourism  
H.E. Mr. Sarun UK  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Cambodia  Royal Embassy of Cambodia in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Sopheakmony Ung  Government Official  Forestry Administration  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Kamal UY  Deputy Director General  General Department of Environmental Knowledge and Information  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Chhigoby UY  Assistant to the Ministry of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Monyneath Vann  Director General  General Directorate of Policy and Strategy  Ministry of Environment  
Cameroon 
H.E. Mr. Ndongo Jules Doret  Membre du Gouvernement, Ministre  
Mme Célestine Ketcha epse Courtès  Membre du gouvernement  Cameroun  Ministère de l'Habitat et du Développement Urbain  
Cameroon (continued) 
Mr. Témothée Kagonbé  Sous-Directeur du Monitoring Ecologique et Suivi du Climat  Direction de la Conservation et de la Gestion des Ressources Naturelles  Ministère de l'Environnement de la Protection de la Nature et du Developpement Durable  
H.E. Mr. Mohamadou Labarang  Ambassador  Embassy of Cameroon  
Ms. Judith Efundem Agbor Epse Enaw  
Ms. Amom Jeannette  
Mr. Sidi Bare  
Mr. Bring  Professeur d'Université  DCGR  Ministère de L'Environnement de la Protection de La Nature et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Mahamat Abakar  First Counselor  Embassy of Cameroon  
Mr. Bello Mohamadu Abdu  
Mr. Joe Armathe Amougou  
Ms. Line Renee Anaba Epse Batongue  
Mr. Abdoul Bagui  Translator  Embassy of Cameroon  
Mr. Hyacinthe Eric Bamamen Bisil  
Mr. Armand Soleil Batha  
Mr. Socrates Bianra Mohamed  
Mr. Jean Aloise Biwole Enguene  
Ms. Stella Bih Dick Epse Mofor  Accounting  
Mr. Paul Lodry Dongmo  
Ms. Anne Virginie Edoa Mengue  
Mr. Tangem Elvis Paul Nfor  Fonctionnaire international  
Ms. Jeanne Rosy Esso  
Ms. Daphne Rebecca Frank  Commission des Forêts d'Afrique Centrale  
Mr. Mouncharou Ndjayou Georges Collins  Ingénieur des eaux et forêts  Ministère des Fôrets et de la Faune  
Mr. Edoa Gilbert Didier  Ingénieur statisticien/SG MINFI  Secretariat général  Ministère des finances  
Mr. Unusa Haman  
Mr. Adama Haman  Cadre contractuel d'administration  Ministère des Fôrets et de la Faune  
Mr. Tabi Haman Joda  
Mr. Julian Martin Carl Harbrecht  Conseiller Technique facilitation  
Ms. Ngouabo Dassi Hilary  Etudiante  
Mr. Ngalli Ngoua Jacques Nicolas  Sénateur  Sénat  
Mr. Mama Jean Marie  Chef Supérieur  
Mr. Eric Kebila  
Ms. Eliane Didier Koungou Edima  
Mr. Papiny Brice Kuefouet Tsafack  
Ms. Domfang Deinou Lindsay Karsinx  Coordination CDN  MINEPDED  
Mr. Essola Etoa Louis Roger  REPARC Facilitator  Central Africa Parliamentarian Network for Disaster Resilience  
Mr. Mouliom Mama  First secretary  Embassy of Cameroon  
Ms. Simone Mboule Akomo  
Ms. Rinyu Mclaura Bekwake  Etudiante  
Ms. Akesse Epse Etame Mireille Flore  Enseignante  MINDUH  
Ms. Clorine Fumbingula Mokom  Chef service suivi du climat  sous-direction du monitoring écologique et suivi du climat  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Développement Durable et de la Protection de la Nature  
Mr. Essissima Ndi  
Ms. Marie Jacqueline Ngo Maya Epse Nsoga Mahob  
Ms. Cecile Ngo Tamag Epse Ndjebet  Director  REFACOF  
Mr. Adrien Frederic Ngodebo  AC  Secretary General  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Jules Maxime Nguemadji Moussa  Monitoring  Sous Direction monitoring écologique et suivi du climat  Ministère de L'Environnement de la Protection de La Nature et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Peter Ambang Njume  
Mr. Jean Calvin Oyono  
Mr. Tchawa Paul  SG/MINEPDED  Secretariat Général  MINEPDED  
Ms. Natang Priscillia Song  Inspecteur des affaires sociales  MINEPDED  
Ms. Eteta'a Edzimbi EP. Beti Assomo Reine Felicite  Conseiller technique N°II  Autorité Porrtuaire Nationale  
Mr. Christian Jacob Franz Ruck  Facilitateur  Commission des Forêts d'Afrique Centrale  
Ms. Berenice Kyliane Sonwa Momo  
Ms. Hermione Nathalie Taka Ebong  
Mr. Georges Belmond Tchoumba Wangun  
Ms. Carole Desiree Aidora Tchouta Moussa Epse Tankeu  
Ms. Mirna Joelle Tchuinte Kamsu  
Mr. Mewanu Owoundi Theophile Vincent  
Cameroon (continued) 
Mr. Tamba Keyaka Anga Yvan Blackwell  Diplomate  MINEFOP  
Mr. Ngoumbe Zacharie  Secrétaire général CES  Conseil Economique et Social  
Mr. Severin Zo'obo Belinga  
Ms. Isabella Zouh Tem  
Canada 
H.E. Mr. Steven Guilbeault  Minister of Environment and Climate Change  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Stephen de Boer  Assistant Deputy Minister of International Affairs  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Steven Kuhn  Chief Negotiator, Director General of Multilateral Affairs  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Thelma Christine Hogan  Deputy Minister  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Laurence Ahoussou  Acting Director, Policy and Negotiations Division  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Catherine Anne Stewart  Ambassador For Climate Change  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Oliver Anderson  Director of Communications  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Dominic Cormier  Chief of Staff  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Joanna Dafoe  Director of Policy, Climate and International Affairs  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Elena Mitchell  Senior Operations Manager  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Catherine Bloodworth  Legal Officer  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Madelaine Bowen  Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Sarah Bristow  Manager, Policy and Negotiations  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Tracy Broad  Team Lead, MEVO  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Geoffrey Brouwer  Negotiator - Transparency  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Elizabeth Bush  Negotiator, Climate Science  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Kaia Counter  Negotiator and ACE National Focal Point  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Ashton Cunje  Lead Negotiator for Canada’s Greenhouse Gas Inventory  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Marie-Pier Dostie  Logistics Officer  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Maude Dufort-Labbé  Negotiator - Adaptation, Loss and Damage  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Nicolas Duval-Mace  Manager, Climate Change Policy, Canadian Forest Service  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Jean-François Ferry  Director, Ministerial Program Lead  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. David Hurley  IT Support  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Stefan Innes  Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Orly Jacob  Senior Policy Advisor, Energy Policy and International Affairs  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Allison Klus  Manager, Communications  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Marc-André Lafrance  Manager, Negotiations  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Gabrielle Lamontagne  a/Director Public Affairs  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Canada (continued) 
Ms. Anna Larson  Senior Analyst  Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Sophie Leduc  Senior Policy Advisor  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Adam Priban  Negotiator, Climate Finance and Economic Advisor  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Hannah Romses  Negotiator, Gender and Capacity Building  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Tyler Schaffrick  Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Kelly Sharp  Senior Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Andria Sherstone  Senior Policy Advisor  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Patrick Spicer  Negotiator - Mitigation  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Emily Vallée Watt  Senior Policy Analyst  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Morgan Whalen  Negotiator, Adaptation  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Stephanie Bubola  Senior Policy Advisor  Transport Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Zoiey Diane Cobb Craft  A/Director, Environmental Policy - ZEV  Transport Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Robert Dion  Manager, Visits and International Protocol  Transport Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Monique Frison  Director General  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Rachel McCormick  Director General, International and Intergovernmental Affairs  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Nathalie Morin  Executive Director, Decarbonization  Transport Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Britney Raby  Policy Analyst, International Affairs  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Anna Trevelyan  Deputy Director, International Affairs  Natural Resources Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Sophie Beecher  Director General  Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Cam Do  Director General, Innovative and Climate Finance Bureau  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Francis Drouin  Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food  Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Matthew Robertson  Deputy Director – Climate Finance Business Development and International Financial Institutions Procurement  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Rachel Soares  Trade Commissioner for Climate Finance  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Heather Stager  Deputy Director  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Mme Michelle Tremblay  Spécialiste principale en environnement  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Corry Van Gaal  Deputy Director  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Nalan Yuksel  Special Advisor  Global Affairs Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Dominic Aquilina  Acting Director  Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Krystal Novak  Senior Advisor to the Ambassador for Climate Change  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Sandy Hanna  Senior Policy Advisor  Office of the Chief Science Advisor  Government of Canada  
Mr. Shawn Marshall  Departmental Science Advisor  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Canada (continued) 
Ms. Mona Nemer  Chief Science Advisor of Canada  Office of the Chief Science Advisor  Government of Canada  
Ms. Rebecca Anne Dixon  Policy Advisor, Net-Zero Advisory Body Secretariat  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Simon Donner  Professor  University of British Columbia  
Mme Marie-Pierre Ippersiel  Co-Chair  Net-Zero Advisory Body  
Mr. Daniel Daly Wicklum  Co-Chair  Net-Zero Advisory Body  
Ms. Isabella Chan  Assistant Deputy Minister  Health Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Rose LaBrèche  Manager  Fisheries and Oceans Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Anisha Lagah  Policy Analyst, Climate Secretariat  Privy Council Office  Government of Canada  
Ms. Carolyn Tateishi  Director, Climate Change and Innovation Bureau  Health Canada  Government of Canada  
Mme Stéphanie Emond  Chief Impact Officer  FinDev Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Lori Benita Kerr  Chief Executive Officer  FinDev Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Paulo Martelli  Chief Investment Officer  FinDev Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Susan Rohac  Vice-President  Business Development Bank of Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Suzanne Taylor  Senior Advisor, Public Policy and Government Affairs  FinDev Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Santiago Alba-Corral  Director  International Development Research Centre  
Mr. Tyler Carlson  Advisor  International Development Research Centre  
Ms. Justine Hendricks  SVP and CCSO  Export Development Canada  
Ms. Heather Aucoin  Manager, International Relations, Meteorological Service of Canada  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Christopher William Evans  Director- Acting  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Martin Lajoie  Director  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Harvey Locke  Special Advisor  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Tara Shannon  Assistant Deputy Minister  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Basile Van Havre  Director General  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Lauren Walshe Roussel  Manager  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Mr. Scott Wilson  Head, International Biodiversity Policy  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Hagar Abdelrahman  Senior Political Officer  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Andrew Carroll  Deputy Management and Consular Officer  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Louis Dumas  Ambassador  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Ms. Asmaa Fereig  Press and Public Affairs Officer- Political  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Matthew Friesen  Political Counsellor  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Louis Gaulin  IT Officer  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Blair Hiscock  Military Police Security Services  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Jeffrey Murray  Readiness Program Manager  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Philippe O'Keefe  Management and Consular Officer  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Ms. Nancy Odeh  Head of Cooperation  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Canada (continued) 
Ms. Eman Omran  SME Program Team Leader  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Nour Samir  Attaché  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Glenn Mark Scullion  Counsellor- Commercial  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Ms. Emmanuelle Suhr  Second Secretary- Political  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Mr. Joseph Tadros  Senior Trade Officer  Embassy of Canada to Egypt  Government of Canada  
Ms. Cassidy Caron  President  Métis National Council  
Mr. John Crump  Senior Policy Advisor  Inuit Circumpolar Council  
Mr. Dane de Souza  Climate Change Policy Advisor  Métis National Council  
Mr. William Goodon  Minister of Housing  Manitoba Metis Federation  
Ms. Lisa Koperqualuk  President  Inuit Circumpolar Council  
Mr. Joshua McNeely  Director of Environment  Congress of Aboriginal Peoples  
Ms. Erin Myers  Director of Environment and Climate Change  Métis National Council  
Ms. Madeleine Redfern  Board Member  Native Women's Association of Canada  
Mr. Graeme Reed  Senior Policy Advisor  Assembly of First Nations  
Ms. JoAnne Remillard  Minister of Environment  Manitoba Metis Federation  
Ms. Lisa Smith  Senior Director  Native Women's Association of Canada  
Ms. Catherine Abreu  Executive Director  Destination Zero  
Ms. Alexandra Barron  National Director, Ocean Program  Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society  
Ms. Andréanne Brazeau  Policy Analyst  Equiterre  
Ms. Caroline Brouillette  National Policy Manager  Climate Action Network Canada  
Ms. Rebecca Merasty  Director of Education and Programming  Indigenous Climate Action  
Mr. Eduardo Perez  International Climate Diplomacy Manager  Climate Action Network Canada  
Ms. Pratishtha Singh  International Policy Analyst  Climate Action Network Canada  
Mr. Robert Wilson  Director, Conservation Finance  Nature Conservancy of Canada  
Mr. Aryan Bajpai  Youth Delegate  United Nations Association in Canada  
Ms. Jordyn Burnouf  Advisor to the Vice President of MN-S  Métis National Council  
Ms. Jayce Chiblow  Education and Training Manager  Indigenous Climate Action  
Mx. Marie Ariane Sara Duchesne-Gacionis  Youth Delegate  United Nations Association in Canada  
Mr. Nhattan Nguyen  Operations Coordinator  Indigenous Climate Action  
Mx. David Thomas Thibodeau  Youth Delegate  United Nations Association in Canada  
Mr. Bertram Blundon  President  National Union of Public and General Employees  
Mr. Alexander Callahan  National Director of Health, Safety and Environment  Canadian Labour Congress  
Ms. Michelle Johnston  President  IFPTE Local 160  
Mr. Patrick Rondeau  Conseiller syndical – Environnement et Transition juste  Fédération des travailleurs et des travailleuses du Québec  
Mr. Larry Rousseau  Executive Vice President  Canadian Labour Congress  
Ms. Sari Sairanen  Health, Safety, Environment HSE Director  Unifor  
M. Alexandre Boulerice  Député  Chambre des Communes  Nouveau Parti Démocratique  
Ms. Patricia Bovey  Senator  Senate of Canada  
Ms. Mary Coyle  Senator  Senate of Canada  
Mme Rosa Galvez  Sénatrice  Sénat du Canada  
Ms. Célia Grimard  Adjointe parlementaire  House of Commons, Bloc Québécois  
Mr. Michael Morrice  Member of Parliament  House of Commons, Green Party of Canada  
Canada (continued) 
Mme Monique Pauzé  Member of Parliament  House of Commons, Bloc Québécois  
Ms. Catherine Cobden  President and CEO  Canadian Steel Producers Association  
Mr. John Brister  Chief Business Development Officer  General Fusion  
Ms. Christy Elliott  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Chief Sustainability Officer  Parkland Corporation  
Mr. Brian Vaasjo  President and Chief Executive Officer  Capital Power Corporation  
Mr. Mitchell Zoratti  Environment and Climate Change Coordinator  Canadian Cattle Association  
Ms. Celine Bak  President and Emissions Reduction Alberta Board Member  Analytica Advisors  
Mr. Kyle Boon  Corporate Security  City of Edmonton  
Mr. Riley Braun  Chief of Staff  Environment and Parks  Government of Alberta  
Mr. Adam Chalkley  Director, Low Carbon Development  Enbridge Inc.  
Mr. Yvan Champagne  Chief Carbon Officer  CarbonAi Inc.  
Ms. Ranita Neelam Chawla  Director, Intergovernmental Relations  Environment and Parks  Government of Alberta  
Mr. Gregory Dale Friesen  Senior Vice-President, Corporate Affairs and Chief Government Affairs Officer  ATCO  
Mr. Robert Hamaliuk  Executive Director, Air and Climate Policy  Environment and Parks  Government of Alberta  
Mr. George Harman  Corporate Security  City of Edmonton  
Ms. Lisa Holmes  Chief of Staff  City of Edmonton  
Mr. Ahmed Idriss  Director, Environmental Policy  Capital Power Corporation  
Ms. Laura Kilcrease  Chief Executive Officer  Alberta Innovates  
Ms. Stephanie McCabe  Deputy City Manager  City of Edmonton  
Mr. Haysem Naboulsi  Corporate Director of Business Development  Nelson Environmental Group Inc.  
Mr. Darryl Nelson  President  Nelson Environmental Group Inc.  
Ms. Katarzyna Kinga Piquette  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment and Protected Areas  Government of Alberta  
Ms. Kathleen Rich  Assistant Deputy Minister, Policy  Environment and Parks  Government of Alberta  
Mr. Justin Riemer  Chief Executive Officer  Emissions Reduction Alberta  
Ms. Sonya Marie Savage  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Protected Areas  Government of Alberta  
Mr. Amarjeet Sohi  Mayor  City of Edmonton  
Mr. Zhihong Zhou  Chief Cleantech Officer and VP Clean Resources  Alberta Innovates  
Mr. Jeremy Hewitt  Assistant Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change Strategy  Government of British Columbia  
Mr. George Heyman  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change Strategy  Government of British Columbia  
Ms. Danielle Monroe  Senior Ministerial Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change Strategy  Government of British Columbia  
Mr. Neil Cunningham  Assistant Deputy Minister  Environment, Climate and Parks  Government of Manitoba  
Mr. Richard Florizone  President and CEO  International Institute for Sustainable Development  
Ms. Shannon Kohler  Assistant Deputy Minister  Environment, Climate and Parks  Government of Manitoba  
Mr. Gerald Crane  Director  Environment and Climate Change  Government of Newfoundland and Labrador  
Mr. Bernard Davis  Minister  Environment and Climate Change  Government of Newfoundland and Labrador  
Ms. Susan Squires  Assistant Deputy Minister  Environment and Climate Change  Government of Newfoundland and Labrador  
Ms. Shannon Mediema  Director of Environment and Climate Change  Halifax Regional Municipality  
Ms. Sera Thompson  Climate Engagement Specialist  Halifax Regional Municipality  
Canada (continued) 
Ms. Monique Chapman  Indigenous Youth Delegate  Environment and Natural Resources  Government of the Northwest Territories  
Mr. Cory Doll  Manager of Climate Change and Air Quality  Department of Environment and Natural Resources  Government of the Northwest Territories  
Ms. Reegan Jungkind  Youth Delegate  Ecology North  
Ms. Erin Kelly  Deputy Minister  Department of Environment and Natural Resources  Government of the Northwest Territories  
Ms. Phoebe Rabesca  Indigenous Representative  Northwest Territories Climate Change Council  
Mr. Robert Dodd  Director of Issues Management  Ministry of the Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
Mr. Tenio Evangelista  Vice President  Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System  
Mr. Patrick Fancott  Director, Climate Change Policy  Ministry of the Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
Mr. Vincent Gasparro  Managing Director  Vancity  
Ms. Michele Eva Harradence  President  Enbridge Inc.  
Ms. Paula Haschig  Vice President, Climate Change and Environmental Impact  Sun Life Financial  
Mr. Chris Hilkene  CEO  Pollution Probe  
Ms. Pema Lhalungpa  Director - Sustainability  Sun Life Financial  
Mr. Tadas Lisauskas  CEO  Greenbutts  
Ms. Victoria Pearson  Director of Stakeholders  Ministry of the Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
Mr. David Piccini  Minister  Ministry of the Environment, Conservation and Parks  Government of Ontario  
Mr. Michael Rudderham  Principal  MCR Public Affairs Inc  
Mr. Luis Sanches  Chief Strategy Officer  Greenbutts  
Mr. Matthew Seddon  Director - Sustainability  Sun Life Financial  
Mr. Peter Sheffield  Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President  Enbridge Inc.  
Mr. John Stackhouse  SVP, Office of the CEO  Royal Bank  
Ms. Hannah Elizabeth Bell  Member of the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island  Government of Prince Edward Island  
Mr. Brad Colwill  Deputy Minister  Department of Environment, Energy and Climate Action  Government of Prince Edward Island  
Ms. Angela Douglas  Manager, Office of Net Zero  Department of Environment, Energy and Climate Action  Government of Prince Edward Island  
Mr. Derek Ellis  Director, Sustainability Division  Department of Environment, Energy and Climate Action  Government of Prince Edward Island  
M. Marc-André Allard  Conseiller au protocole  Relations internationales et la Francophonie  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Seynabou Ba  Conseillère spécialisée, Exportation, Énergie et environnement  Investissement Québec International  
Mr. Martin Beaudoin-Nadeau  CEO  Johann Heinrich von Thünen-Institut  
M. Hugo Beauregard-Langelier  Secrétaire général  UPA Développement International  
M. Simon Berthiaume  Conseiller politique  Ministère de l’Environnement, de la Lutte contre les changements climatiques, de la Faune et des Parcs  Gouvernement du Québec  
M. Marc-André Blanchard  PVP and Head of CDP Global  Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec  
M. Laurence Geoffrey André Blandford  Vice-président, Conseil stratégique, Changements climatiques et ESG  WSP Canada Inc  
M. Hubert Bolduc  Président  Investissement Québec International  
Mme Julianne Bossé  Conseillère en affaires internationales – climat et environnement  Relations internationales et la Francophonie  Gouvernement du Québec  
Canada (continued) 
Mme France Brosseau  Vice-présidente, Organisations internationales, Ressources humaines et Affaires corporatives  Montréal International  
M. Benoit Charette  Ministre  Ministère de l’Environnement, de la Lutte contre les changements climatiques, de la Faune et des Parcs  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Leïla Copti  Présidente  COPTICOM  
M. Martin Damphousse  Maire  Natural Resources Canada CETC-Varennes  
Mr. Vito Grazio Dellerba  Director, Investments  Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec  
Mr. Mamadou Saliou Diallo  Directeur général  Irokko  
Mr. Guy Drouin  Président  Biothermica Technologies Inc  
Mr. Phillip Dunsky  President and Chief Accelerator  Dunsky Energy + Climate  
Ms. Giulia d’Angiolini  Sustainable Energy Advisor; Business development lead - UN  Econoler  
Mr. Mahmoud El Nouri  CGO  OXIA Initiative  
M. Pierre Fitzgibbon  Ministre  Ministère de l’Économie, de l’Innovation et de l’Énergie  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Michèle Fournier  Conseillère senior  Environnement et de la Lutte contre les changements climatiques  Gouvernement du Québec  
M. Claude Garneau  Police  Direction de la protection des personnalités  Gouvernement du Québec  
M. Stéphane Maurice Germain  CEO  GHGSat  
M. Jean-Francois Gibeault  Sous-Ministre Adjoint  Environnement et de la Lutte Contre les Changements Climatiques  Gouvernement du Québec  
Ms. Marianne Huot  Directrice  ArcelorMittal  
M. Sylvain Jarnaud  Police  Direction de la protection des personnalités  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mme Marie-Eve Jean  Vice-president, Exports  Investissement Québec International  
M. Olivier Joyal  Vice-président exécutif, Stratégie et exécution, Sciences de la Terre et environnement  WSP Canada Inc  
Mr. Julien Lampron  Vice-président  ArcelorMittal  
Mr. Jean-Luc Lavergne  CEO  Lavergne Groupe Inc  
M. Alain Lefebvre  Vice-président – Stratégies corporatives et gouvernementales  Global  
Mme Charlotte Legault-Bélanger  Conseillère aux politiques  Union des municipalités du Québec  
M. Stéphan Morency  Vice-président et chef de l’investisseme  Fondaction  
Mme Geneviève Morin  Présidente-directrice générale  Fondaction  
M. Jean-François Nolet  Directeur principal, Affaires gouvernementales mondiales / Senior Deirector, Global Government Affairs  Enerkem  
M. Jean Nolet  Directeur general  Coopérative de solidarité Carbone  
Mr. Jean Paquin  PDG  SAF+ Consortium  
M. Dany Pelletier  Premier vice-président – Placements privés et investissements d'impact  Fonds de Solidarité - FTQ  
Mr. Yves Pinsonneault  Chief Representative – United States  Johann Heinrich von Thünen-Institut  
Mme Magdalena Planeta  Conseillère spécialisée, stratégie et missions  Investissement Québec International  
Mr. Marc Poulin  VP Business Development  SAF+ Consortium  
M. Alexandre Ramacieri  Chef de cabinet  Ministère de l’Économie, de l’innovation et de l’Énergie  Gouvernement du Québec  
Mr. Samuele John Ramadori  CEO  BrainBox AI  
Mme Juan Sun  Conseillère  Investissement Québec International  
Mr. Omar Tabba  Chief Product Officer  BrainBox AI  
Mme Emmanuelle Catherine Brigitte Tavernier  CEO  OXIA Initiative  
Canada (continued) 
Mr. Joseph Ismael Touani Tchanko  CEO  Éclipse Énergies Renouvelables Inc.  
Mr. Jeff Allison  President  Delta Clean Tech Inc.  
Ms. Jodine Banks  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Trade and Export Development  Government of Saskatchewan  
Ms. Angela Bedard-Haughn  Dean and Professor  University of Saskatchewan  
Ms. Richelle Bourgoin  Assistant Deputy Minister  Ministry of Trade and Export Development  Government of Saskatchewan  
Mr. Richard Burton  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Agriculture  Government of Saskatchewan  
Ms. Sara Daniels  Associate Vice President, Government Relations  University of Saskatchewan  
Mr. William Greuel  Chief Executive Officer  Protein Industries Canada  
Mr. Jason McNamee  Chief Product Officer  Lucent BioSciences Inc  
Mr. Michiel Riedijk  CEO  Lucent BioSciences Inc  
Ms. Charlene (Shehnaz) Ali  Assistant Deputy Minister  Department of Environment  Yukon Government  
Ms. Rebecca Turpin  Director, Climate Change Secretariat  Department of Environment  Yukon Government  
Mr. Thomas Cameron  Policy Manager, Canada Pavilion  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Lisa Elisabeth DeMarco  Senior Partner and CEO  Legal Services  Resilient LLP  
Ms. Audrey Desmarteaux-Houle  Chief Operations Officer, Canada Pavilion  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Jagdish Kaur Grewal  President and CEO  Manitoba Hydro  
Mr. Steven Myers  Minister of Envrionment, Energy and Climate Action  Environment, Energy and Climate Action  Government of Prince Edward Island  
Mr. Francis Pigeon  Executive Director, Canada Pavilion  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Ms. Emily Robertson  Policy Analyst, Canada Pavilion  Environment and Climate Change Canada  Government of Canada  
Central African Republic 
S.E. Mme Sylvie valerie Baipo Temon  Ministre  Affaires Étrangères  Gouvernement  
H.E. Mr. Thierry Kamach  Minister  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
H.E. Mr. Freddy Mathurin Mapouka  Ministre  Presidence de la Republique  Gouvernement  
S.E. M. Obed Namsio  Ministre d' Etat Dircab Prce  Presidence de la Republique  Gouvernement  
Mr. Evariste Ngamana  Ministre  Gouvernement  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Gilles Auguste Ouananga  Ministre Sécurité  Presidence de la Republique  Gouvernement  
S.E. M. Faustin Archange Touadera  President de la Republique  Gouvernement  
Mr. Sebastien Wenezoui  Ministre  Ministère de l'Environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Josuzy Fleury Junior Pabandji  Depute  Assemblee Nationale  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Babatunde Iyanda  Responsable  Société Civile  
Mr. Sahat Adoum  Directeur de protocole  Présidence  Gouvernement  
Mr. Saint Cyr Adoum Fatiguet  Directeur Exécutif  Jve  Jve Centrafrique  
Mr. Issa Amadou  Conseiller  Ambassade  
Mr. Martial Yvon Amolet  Juriste  Ong  Repalca  
Ms. Leila Indira Dallia Linsey Amoudou Konchie Kamsu  Etudiante  Université  
Mme Mariam Amoudou Sidi  Chargée d'Etude de Légalité APV/FLEGT  Minitère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Alexandre Anjuere  responsable  Electriciens sans frontieres  Société Civile  
Central African Republic (continued) 
Ms. Ana Cecilia Anselmi  Senior Manager  Forescast  Lojas Renner  
Mr. Mathieu Batolo  Premier Conseiller  Ambassade  Ambassade du Mexique en France  
Mr. Boris Bemokolo  Directeur  ministere de l' environnement  Coordination Nationale Climat  
Mr. Ange Bissadet-ngollan  Attaché de Presse  Présidence  Gouvernement  
Mr. Kokouvi Gaston Bruce Dibanguie  Expert Ceeac  Ceeac  Economic Community of Central African States  
Ms. Djebebe Ndjiguim Chantal Laure  Conseillère  Primature  
Ms. Tania Chauvin  Responsable  Communication  Société Civile  
Ms. Edith Pulcherie Damian nee Assani  Chargee de programme  Pnud  Misión Permanente de España ante las Naciones Unidas  
Ms. Maria Cristina De Amarante Merçon  Marketing Director  Admin  Lojas Renner  
Mr. Andrew Daniel Garcia De Simone  External Affairs manager  Vale  Societe Civile  
Mr. Dieudonné Marien Djeme  4ème Vice président  Assemblée nationale  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Olivier Djimbele  Directeur  Sante  Gouvernement  
Ms. Verviene-Philiberthe Enga-rizossina  Secretaire General  Association  Societe Civile  
Mr. Germain Farakowena  Chargé de Mission Spécial  Présidence  Gouvernement  
Mme Huguette Larissa Simone Fio Ngaindiro née Gonoporo  Expert Climat  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Ms. Regina Frederico Durante  Chief People  Lojas Renner  Société Civile  
Mr. Freddy Nacor Gbete Sebout  Cameraman  Presidence de la Republique  Gouvernement  
Mr. Anicet Thierry Goue Moussangoe  Ambassadeur Directeur Général  Affaires Etrangères  Gouvernement  
Mr. Auke Idzenga  responsable  aidfi  Société Civile  
Ms. Delphine Ingabire  Expert  Environement  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Gervais ludovic Itsoua madzous  Expert  Comifac  Coordination Nationale Climat  
Mme Judith marina Kitiyi nee kogadou  charge de programme  Iccn  Societe Civile  
Mr. Davy Nicaise Kouta Ndolonga  Attaché à la Présidence  Présidence  Gouvernement  
Mr. Yvon Bourge Kouzouhoro  Attaché à la Présidence  Présidence  Gouvernement  
Mr. Simplice Desire Kozo  coordonnateur  ong  Repalca  
Ms. Vivian mac-knight de Lucena  Climat Cchange manager  vale  Societe Civile  
Ms. Prisca Mbota  Eleve  Ong  Repalca  
Mr. Matthew Francis McCabe  Australia  Vale  Societe Civile  
Ms. Géorgia Paola Charline Nguenendji Kizzo  Etudiante  Université  Université  
Mr. Jean Firmin Pakouzou  Inspecteur de Tresor  Ministere des Finances  Gouvernement  
Mr. Maria Luiza de oliveira Pinto e Paiva  vice president  vale  Societe Civile  
Ms. Annie Regakouzou  Conseiller ressource  Assemblee Nationale  Assemblee  
Mr. Rutage Hubert Ruzibiza  Consultant  pnud  United Nations Development Programme  
Mr. Maurice Wilfried Sebiro  Conseiller en Communication  Presidence  Gouvernement  
Central African Republic (continued) 
Mr. Ambroise Tarhem  Expert  Medd  Gouvernement  
Mr. Max Thierry Tevenet  Journaliste Reporteur  Presidence de la Republique  Gouvernement  
M. Igor Gildas Tola Kogadou  Coordonnateur de la REDD+  Ministère de l’Environnement, du Développement Durable  Coordination Nationale Climat  
Mr. Blaise - Leandre Tondo  Expert Principal  Commission  Gouvernement  
Ms. Orouate Ouska Dula Walidou  Etudiante  Université  
Mr. Melchisedeck David Yangbondo  Directeur  Coordination Nationale Climat  Ministere de l'Environnement et ddu Développement Durable  
M. Achille Yatoli Mepale  Gestionnaire  Medd  Gouvernement  
Chad 
S.E. M. Saleh Kebzabo  Premier Ministre, Chef du Gouvernement  Primature du Tchad  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Mr. Youssouf Abassalah  Secretaire Général de la Primature  Primature  Gouvernement du Tchad  
S.E. M. Alio Abdoulaye Ibrahim  Ministre  Hydraulique Urbaine et Rurale  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Ms. Mariam Ahmat Djemil  Conseillère à la Présidence  Présidence de la République du Tchad  
Mme Andebeng Labeu Madeleine Alingue  Secretaire d'Etat  Ministère de la Prospective Économique et aux Partenariats Internationaux.  Gouvernement du Tchad  
H.E. Mr. Mahamat Assileck Halata  Ministre  Ministère de l'urbanisme et de l' Habitat  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Mr. Abdelkerim Ahmadaye Bakhit  President  President du Conseil Economique, Social, Culturel et Environnemental  Grande Institution de l'Etat  
S.E. M. Mahamat Abdelkerim Hanno  Ministre  Ministere de l'Environnement, de la Peche et du Developpement Durable  Gouvernement de la Republique du Tchad  
S.E. M. Tchonai Elimi Hassan  Ambassadeur  Ambassade du TCHAD en Egypte  Gouvernement du Tchad  
S.E. M. Laoukein Kourayo Mbaiherem  Ministre d'Etat  Miniistere de l'Agriculture  Gouvernement du Tchad  
H.E. Ms. Ramatou Mahamat Houtouin  Ministre  Ministere des Hydrocarbures et de l'Energie  Gouvernement du Tchad  
S.E. M. Abakar Rozzi Teguil  Ministre  Ministere du Tourime  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Mr. Mahamat Abdoulaye Issa  Point Focal National CCNUCC  Ministère de l'Environnement, de la Pêche et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Hamid Abakar Souleymane  Deputy Director General of CHAD National Meteorology,  CHAD National Meteorology Agency  Ministry of National Meteorology Agency  
M. Ahmat Abaya Abdramane  Directeur Adjoint de la Lutte contre les Changements climatiques et Point Focal National de la Convention des Nations Unies sur la Biodiversité  Ministere de l'Environnement, de la Pêche et du Développement Durable  
Mme Mouna Abdallah Nassour  Ministere Santé  
Mr. Tahir Abdelaziz Awam  Directeur Général du Fonds National de l'Eau  Ministère de l'Hydraulique Urbaine et Rurale  Fonds National de l'Eau  
Ms. Khadidja Abdelkader  Conseillère Technique du Ministre du Plan  Ministère du Plan  Gouvernement  
Mr. Moustapha Ahmat Abdelmouhsine  Coordonnateur  Ministère de l'hydraulique  Ministère de l'Hydraulique  
Mr. Ousmane Abdelrazak  membre ONG MOUNA  
Mr. Mahamat Abderaman Troumba  
Mr. Saleh Djame Abdraman  Chef de securité  Primature  Primature de la République  
Mme Merem Aboubakar Tahar Aboubakar  Membre de l'ONG  
Mr. Allonanga Abraham  Coordonnateur  Projet Gestion Communautaire des Risques Climatiques  Ministere de l'Agriculrure  
Mr. Mahamat Al-bachir Acheikh  Gestionnaire  Primature  Primature  
Mr. Souleymane Adam Adey  Conseiller en Charge de l'Environnement du PMT  Premature  
Chad (continued) 
Mme Zahra Manar Adam Idriss  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Mahamat Adamou  Conseiller Technique à l'Environnement du Président de la République  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Adoum Brahim Adoum  Directeur de Cabinet  
Mr. Mbaiadjim Alfred  Directeur Adjoint  CNPCIC Chad  
Mme Amouna Ali Sougui Koko  Directrice Générale Adjointe  Ministere de l'Administration  Ministère de l'Administration  
Mr. Djoula Arsène  Expert au Projet AMCC+  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Allakere Arthomas  Directeur Général de la Production et de Formation - Ministere de la Production et de la Transformation  Ministerev de l'Agriculture  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Mr. Awadalkerim Ousmane Awadalkerim  Responsable  Office National du Tourisme  Ministère du Tourisme  
Mr. Keda Ballah  Conseiller National  Assemblée Nationale de Transition  
Mr. Mahamat Ousman Bechir  Chef de Service Presse  Primature  Gouvernement  
Mr. Hisseine Begaye  
Ms. Colette Benoudji  Ingénieur en Développement et Education  
Ms. Mingane Bombaito Prisca  Chef Service Communication  ADERM  Ministère de l'energie  
Mr. Abderamane Choua  Expert National Atténuation  Projet AMCC+ Tchad  Ministère de l'Environnement, de la Pêche et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Kodou Choukou  DG de l'ANGV  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Abdelkerim Dangaye Ouedemi  Directeur Général Technique de l'Energie  Ministère de l'Energie et du Pétrole  
Mr. Abderaman Djasnabaille  Conseiller du PMT  Primature du Tchad  Gouvernement  
Ms. Saglar Djerang  Conseillère du Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Hissein Djiddi  Ingénieur  Ministère de l'aménagement  Ministère de l'aménagement  
Mr. Hassan Djiddi Setchimi  Coordonnateur  Society of Petroleum Engineers  
Mr. Beguy Djimounoum  Directeur  ANIE  Ministère de la Communication  
Mr. Hamit Issaka Doudoua  Directeur de la maitrise énergétique  Ministere de l'Energie  
Mr. Takadji Edouard  Attaché de Presse du Ministre  
Mme Tokes Eldiko Katalin  Expert Internationale COMIFAC  COMIFAC  Commission des Forêts d'Afrique Centrale  
Mme Khadidja Ali Fadoul  
Mr. Abdel-Latif Awad Fizzani  Ingenieur  Ministere de l'Elevage  
Mr. Hissein Youssouf Galmaye  Conseiller du Président de la République du Tchad  Présidence de la République du Tchad  
Mr. Ali Gamane Kaffine  Expert  
Mr. Fikaoussou Gaston Kavoksou Silagam  Fonctionnairte la Primature du TCHAD  Primature  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Mr. Hissein Koty Habre  
Mr. Fadoul Hamid Mouctar  Secretaire Seneral  Ministere de Tourisme  
Mr. Christophe Haouvang Laba  Responsable Environnement et Changement Climatique  Ministère du Développement Agricole  Projet de Renforcement de la Productivité des Exploitations Agropastorales Familiales et Résilience  
Mr. Oumar Idriss Hassan  Assistant au Cabinet du Ministre  Ministere de l'Environnement  Ministere de l'Environnement  
M. Mahamat Hassane Idriss  Directeur Adjoint des Forêts  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Mahamat Gueillet Hemchi  Conseiller à l’Agriculture et à l’Elevage à la Présidence  Présidence de la République du Tchad  
Mme Khadidja Herintchi Allatchimi  
Mr. Mahamat Araiya Hisseine  Ingénieur  Ministère de l'hydraulique  Ministère de l'Hydraulique  
Mr. Nousradine Tom Hor Hassan  Ingenieur TeleCom  Ministere de la Telecommunication  
Mr. Porgo Hounly  Point Focal Fonds d'Adaptation  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Nouradine Ibrahim Kossi  Environnementaliste  Fonds Special en Faveur de l'Environnement  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mme Karima Al-hissein Ingénieur  Ingénieur  SONAMIG  
Chad (continued) 
Mr. Alhadj Ismail Chaibo  DG Ressources Forestières, Fauniques et des Pêches  
Mr. Hamid Issakha Mahamat  Assistant  Cabinet du Ministre  
Mr. Imele Jean Pierre  Consultant- la CEEACC  CEEAC  Economic Community of Central African States  
Mr. Goodwin Justin William Lawton  Expert International CEEAC  CEEAC  Economic Community of Central African States  
Mr. Emmanuel Keryang  Chargé de Programme  PNUD  
Mr. Mbaihoulam Gaou Killadje  Point Focal de la CNULCD du TCHAD  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Olivier Seid Kimto  Directeur Général de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Eau et de la Pêche  
Ms. Farkhalia Koulamallah  Directrice adjointe du suivi-evaluation du ministere du plan et de la cooperation internationale  
Mr. Abdel-Aziz Idriss Kourda  Directeur  ONASA  Ministere de l'agriculture  
Mr. Idriss Lol Mahamat  Directeur Général du Fonds Spécial en faveur de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Ngolbe Madji  Directeur  Ministère de l'élevage  Ministère de l'Elevage  
Mme Odette Madjibeye  
Mr. Abdoulaye Abakar Mahamat  Assistant à l'Ambassade du Tchad au Caire  Ambassade du Tchad au Caire  
Mr. Ahmat Mahamat Abderahim  Assistant  Ambassade du Tchad au Caire  Ambassade du Tchad au Caire  
Mr. Saleh Mahamat Ali  Directeur Général Adjoint  Ministère en charge du Plan  
Mme Nimat Mahamat Barka  Conseillere Nationale  Assemblée Nationale  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Dreni-Mi Mahamat Djimé  Directeur des Études, de la Planification et du Suivi  Ministère du Développement Agricole  
Mr. Abdelkerim Mahamat Issaka  Directeur  Ministère de l'élevage  Ministère de l'Elevage  
Mr. Moustapha Mahamat Talko  Conseiller du PM  Primature  Gouvernement  
Mr. Issa Mardo Djabir  Conseiller National de Transition  Conseil National de la Transition  
Mr. Kouma Kossy Markinzaye Saturnin  Coordonnateur du Projet PNA TCHAD  Ministère de l'Environnement, de la Pèche et du Développement Durable  
Mme Mbaire Gogou Melom Patricia  Cresponsable Communication ANGV  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Fouda Barkai Moussa  Directeur  Ambassade du Tchad au Caire  Ambassade du Tchad  
Mr. Saad Cherif Moussa  Directeur du Protocole  Primature  Primature du Tchad  
Mr. Mbaindiguim Nasson  Responsable CDN  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mme Momadji Nicole Ndoubayo  Directrice  ANIE  Ministere du Commerce  
Mr. Batedjim Noudjalbaye  Conseiller Technique du Ministre  Ministere de l'Agriculture  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Mme Achta Mahamat Nour  Député  Conseil National de Transition  
Mme Zaroua Oumar Aboubakar  Medecin  Ministere de la Santé  Ministere de la santé  
Mr. Soumaila Oumar Gadji  Directeur de la Lutte Contre les Changements Climatiques Etudes et Point Focal FEM  Ministere de l'Environnement, de la Pêche et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Zara Oumar Issa  Inspectrice en charge de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Ms. Hindou Oumarou Ibrahim  Coordinator  Ambassadrice Itinérante à la Présidence  
Mme Daouadi Oumayma  
Mr. Ignabe Padacke  Ingenieur  Ministere de l'Hydraulique  Ministere de l'Hydraulique  
Mme Solange Padja  Conseillère en charge de l'Agriculture du PMT  Primature de Transition  
Mr. Deudang Eric Patalet  Securité PM  Primature  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Mr. Alaina Yacoub Possey  Secrétaire Général  Ministère de l'Aménagement  
Ms. Kouesse Ramadane Karifene  Point Focal Genre Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Dinguemnaial Renaud  Directeur TIC  Primature  Primature du Tchad  
Chad (continued) 
Mr. Allarassem Roger  Chef de Service  Projet  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Moustapha Rozzi Teguil  Directeur des Opérations à l’ONASA  ONASA  Ministere de l'agriculture  
Mr. Nour Saleh Haggar  Secrétaire Général Adjoint  Ministère de l'Hydraulique Urbaine et Rurale  
Mr. Garsouk Sidjim  Directeur de Cabinet du PM  Primature  Gouvernement du Tchad  
Mr. Houno Sougar  Conseiller Pr  Presidence de la Republique  
Mr. Ali Orozi Sougui  Conseiller du Président de la République du Tchad  Présidence de la République du Tchad  
Mme Zara Sougui Guirside  Directrice  Primature  
Mr. Abdoulaye Souleymane  Inspecteur Général  Ministère de l'Hydraulique Rural et Urbaine  Ministère de l'Hydraulique Urbaine et Rurale  
Ms. Ache Tahar Sougoudi  Directrice de l'Hydrulique Pastorale  Ministere de l'Hydraulique  
Mr. Noubadoumbaye Talomady  Journaliste  
M. Moussa Tchitchaou  Personne Ressource  Ministère de l'Hydraulique Urbaine et Rurale  
Mr. James Aidan Thomas  Expert International CEEAC  CEEAC  Economic Community of Central African States  
Ms. Amina Tidjani Yaya  Chair of the PAP Caucus on Women  Conseil National de Transition  Pan African Parliament  
Mr. Abakar Moussa Haroun Tirgo  Conseiller à la Presidence  Presidence de la Republique  Présidence de la République du Tchad  
Mr. Dezoumbe Vaihou  Cameraman  Primature  Primature du Tchad  
Mr. Mahamat Yakhoub Adoum  Chef de Division à la DLCC  
Mme Rakhie Ali Zakaria  Chef de Sevice  Protocol du PMT  Primature  
Chile 
S.E. Sra. Silvia Andrea Díaz Acosta  Ministra  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología, Conocimiento e Innovación   
S.E. Sr. Juan Carlos Muñoz Abogabir  Ministerio De Transportes y Telecomunicaciones  
S.E. Sr. Diego Pardow Lorenzo  Ministro de Energía  Ministerio de Energía  
S.E. Sra. María Heloísa Rojas Corradi  Ministra del Medio Ambiente  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Ms. Francisca Acevedo Avsolomovich  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sra. Daniela Acuña Reyes  MINAGRI  
Sr. Gonzalo Arenas Sepúlveda  Jefe de Relaciones Internacionales- Min.Ciencia  
Sra. Johanna Arriagada  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Rodrigo Arriagada  Jefe División Información y Economía Ambiental  División Información y Economía Ambiental  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Adelaida Baeriswyl  Ministerio de Energía  
Sr. José Miguel Benavente  Corporación de Fomento de la Producción  
Sr. Federico Bernardelli  Ministerio de Energía  
Ms. Helene Bombrun  Asesora de la División de Comercio y Desarrollo Sustentable  SUBREI  
Mr. Rodolfo Bustamante Beltrán  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Sr. Eduardo Chihuailaf Sepulveda  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Julio Cordano Sagredo  Head of Division  Division of Environment, Climate Change and Oceans  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sr. Alfonso Arturo De Urresti Longton  Senador  Senado  
Sr. Adrian Diaz  Climate Change Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sr. Roberto Gerardo Ebert Grob  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sra. Jacqueline Espinoza  Oficina de Estudios y Políticas Agrarias, ODEPA  Ministerio de Agricultura  
Sra. Cristina Andrea Figueroa Vargas  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Paula Fuentes  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Marión Alejandra Fuentes Abello  Asesora Senior Gabinete Minterial  Ministerio De Transportes y Telecomunicaciones  
Sr. Gonzalo Alberto García Trujillo  Banco Central de Chile  
Sr. Jaime Antonio Giacomozzi Carrasco  MINAGRI  
Chile (continued) 
Sr. Gonzalo Guaiquil  Head of Department of Climate Change  Department of Climate Change  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. María Paz Gutiérrez  Asesora Coordinación Finanzas  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Sr. Reinaldo Alex Gutiérrez Cisterna  Director de la Dirección Meteorológica de Chile  Dirección General de Aeronáutica  
Sra. Camila Labarca  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Jessica Lopez Saffie  Presidenta de Banco Estado  Banco Estado  
Sra. Jenny Mager  Jefa de División de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Ismaela Magliotto  Joven Negociadora  U. Chile  
Sra. Carola Moreno Valenzuela  Coordinadora de Finanzas y Asuntos Internacionales  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Sr. Gonzalo Muñoz Abogabir  
Sr. Andrés Muñoz Barañao  Asesor de Comunicaciones del Ministro  Ministerio de Energía  
Sra. Constance Agnes Nalegach Romero  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Mr. Mario Nessim AbdelSayed  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sra. Lorena Pérez Roa  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Gonzalo Ernesto Perucca Quijada  Jefe Comunicaciones y Prensa  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Maximiliano Proaño  Subsecretario de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Mr. Cristian Retamal  Asesor  
Ms. Emilie Rojas  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sra. Ana Maria Ruz Frias  Corporación de Fomento de la Producción  
Sra. Nadia Sánchez Castillo  Consultora  
Sr. José Eduardo Sanhueza  Asesor  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Gladys Santis  Profesional de adaptación  Ministerio del Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Juan Pedro Searle  Asesor  Ambiental y Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Energía  
Sr. Javier Ignacio Sepúlveda Estrada  Joven Negociador  U. Chile  
Sr. Eduardo Silva  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores de Chile  
Ms. Gabriela Violeta Soto Nilo  Corporación Nacional Forestal  
Mr. Jaime Tramon  Ministerio de Hacienda  
Sra. Fernanda Undurraga Jeria  Jefa de Asesores  Ministerio de Ciencia  
Sra. Valentina Deborah Vargas Domínguez  ProChile  
Sra. Isabella Villanueva  Ministerio de Energía  
Sr. Marco Yáñez  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ambrosio Yobanolo  Agencia de Sustentabilidad y Cambio Climático  
China 
H.E. Mr. Zhenhua Xie  China Special Envoy for Climate Change- Minister Level  National Development and Reform Commission  
H.E. Mr. Yingmin Zhao  Vice Minister  
Mr. Gao Li  Director-General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Mr. Dahai Qi  Special Representative for Climate Change Negotiations, MFA China  Department of Treaty and Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Wei Su  Chief Climate Negotiator and Director-General  Department of Climate Change  National Development and Reform Commission  
Mr. Zhen Sun  Deputy Director-General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Mr. Chaoyang Zhang  Minister  Embassy of China in Egypt  
Ms. Qi An  
Mr. Jian Chen  Embassy of China in Egypt  
Ms. Xiaoou Chen  
Ms. Guanyang Dong  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Ms. Tianyue Dong  Staff  The Department of North American and Oceanian Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Maosheng Duan  Professor  Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology  Tsinghua University  
Mr. Chao Feng  Department of Project managment  China Clean Development Mechanism Fund  
China (continued) 
Mr. Xiang Gao  Division of International Policy Research  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Mr. Zhenglin Gao  Officer  Department of Treaty and Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Yunfang Hu  
Ms. Yijia Huang  
Mr. Yueqiu Huang  Ministry of Ecological Environment  
Ms. Jie Li  Counselor  Embassy of China in Egypt  
Mr. Zheng Li  
Ms. Lu Li  Research Assistant  Ministry of Ecological Environment  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Ms. Meicong Liang  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Mr. Qiong Liu  
Ms. Shuo Liu  Assistant Professor  Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences  
Ms. Jinmiao Liu  
Mr. Ning Liu  
Ms. Meng Luo  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Ms. Anting Man  First Secretary  Embassy of China in Egypt  
Mr. Liang Pei  Deputy Director  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Ms. Yuanyuan Qin  research assistant  Ministry of Ecological Environment  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Ms. Shuang Qiu  
Ms. Yan Ren  
Mr. Baoxi Shang  Second Secretary  Department of Treaty and Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Feixiang Sun  
Mr. Zhongying Wang  
Mr. Bin Wang  
Mr. Jiangquan Wang  Mr.  Department of Treaty and Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yusong Wang  Program Officer  Climate Change Department  
Ms. Tian Wang  Associate Professor  Division of Statistics and Assessment  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Mr. Hao Wang  
Mr. Mou Wang  Senior Fellow, Managing Editor of CJUES  Institute for Urban and Environmental Studies  Chinese Academy of Social Sciences  
Mr. Yi Wang  Director/research fellow  Science and Technology policy consulation department  Institute of science and technology strategic consulation, CAS  
Mr. Jijie Wang  
Ms. Lin Wang  
Mr. Yuanliang Xia  
Mr. Fei Xie  
Ms. Qi Xu  
Mr. Huaqing Xu  Director-General  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Ms. Yu Yan  
Ms. Yaru Yang  
Ms. Xiaoling Yang  
Ms. Ying Yao  
Ms. Wei Yao  Programme Officer  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Ecology and Environment  
Ms. Chenxia Yi  Deputy Director  Department of Treaty and Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Chao Zhang  
Mr. Zhiqiang Zhang  National Center for Climate Change Strategy and International Cooperation  
Ms. Yongxiang Zhang  National Climate Center  China Meteorological Administration  
Mr. Guobin Zhang  National Forestry and Grassland Administration  
Ms. Qian Zhang  
Mr. Xiaofeng Zhang  First Secretary  Department of Treaty and Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Yifan Zhao  
Mr. Yujie Zheng  Second Secretary  Embassy of China in Egypt  
Mr. Ping Zhong  
Ms. Bo Zhou  
Colombia 
Mr. Francisco Javier Canal Albán  Viceministro de Ordenamiento Ambiental del Territorio  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Colombia (continued) 
Mr. Alvaro Leyva Durán  Minister of Foreign Affairs of Colombia  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Francia Elena Márquez Mina  Vicepresident of the Republic of Colombia  Vice presidency of the Republic of Colombia  
Ms. María Susana Muhamad González  Minister of Environment and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
H.E. Mr. Gustavo Francisco Petro Urrego  President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic of Colombia  
Ms. Irene Vélez Torres  Minister of Mines and Energy of Colombia  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Ms. Paula Ximena Sanmiguel Patiño  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sandra Acevedo Zapata  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Juan Carlos Aguirre Cáceres  National Police  
Ms. Elizabeth Alcarraz  Administrative and Logistics Officer  Independent Association of Latin America and the Caribbean  
Ms. Andrea del Pilar Alfonso Rodríguez  Encargada de Asuntos Internacionales  Vice presidency of the Republic of Colombia  
Mr. Felipe Alvarado Gaitán  Embassy of Colombia in Egypt  
Ms. Laura Naria Aranguren Niño  Instituto de Hidrología, Meteorología y Estudios Ambientales  
Sra. Diana Barba  Mitigation and Transparency Adviser  Independent Association of Latin America and the Caribbean  
Mr. Juan Pablo Bello Cely  Presidencia de la República  
Mr. Fabio Andrés Bernal Quiroga  Instituto de Hidrología, Meteorología y Estudios Ambientales  
Mr. Juan Fernando Betancourt Franco  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Daniel Buira  NDC Long-term Strategy and Technology Transfer Adviser  AILAC Support Unit  
Mr. Alfonso Burbano González  National Police  
Mr. Henry de Jesús Carmona Gómez  Presidency of the Republic  
Ms. Ivon Maritza Casallas Martínez  Instituto de Hidrología, Meteorología y Estudios Ambientales  
Mr. Juan Andres Casas Monsegny  National Focal Point - Gender and climate change  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Natalia María Castiblanco Gómez  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Miguel Felipe Castiblanco Monsalve  First Secretary  Direction of Economics, Social and Environmental Affairs  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Juan Sebastián Céspedes Cardona  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Sr. Felipe Cobo Molina  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Karen Jhohanna Cuesta Pertuz  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Mr. Danielo Aldemar Dávila Olmos  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Elsafy Elsayed Abdelrahman Khairalla  Intérprete  Vodafone España  
Mr. Conrado de Jesús Espinosa Villada  Unidad Nacional de Protección  
Mr. Arley Farigua Buitrago  National Police  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Feria Buitrago  National Police  
Mr. Edgar Fernández  Adaptation and Loss and Damage Adviser  Independent Association of Latin America and the Caribbean  
Ms. María Alejandra Garzón Sánchez  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Germán Antonio Gómez Polo  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. César Felipe González Hernández  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hugo Hernán González Jiménez  Unidad Naiconal de Protección  
Mr. Edisson Andrés Guantiva Ospina  Presidency of the Republic  
Ms. Adriana Lizette Gutiérrez Bayona  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Anderson Hernández  National Police  
Mr. Constantino Hernandez Garay  Instituto de Hidrología, Meteorología y Estudios Ambientales  
Mr. Juan Miguel Hoyos Cubides  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Jorge Enrique Hurtado Bermúdez  National Police  
Colombia (continued) 
Mr. Abdel Khalik Mohamed Ismail  Embassy of Colombia in Egypt  
Mr. Juan Sebastián Jiménez Bolaños  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Pedronel Jiménez Cárdenas  
Mr. Sébastien Longhurst  Presidency of the Republic of Colombia  
Ms. Alejandra Lopez  Finance and Capacity Building Adviser  
Mr. John Edisson López Botero  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Nelson Enrique Lozano Castro  Ministerio de Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural  
Ms. Jhoana Talina Lugo Rosero  Ministerio de Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural  
Mr. Wilson Marín  National Police  
Mr. Andres Felipe Marmolejo Egred  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Diego Alberto Mejia Acosta  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Mr. John Henry Melo Pineda  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Edwin Alfonso Merchan Castellanos  Presidency of the Republic  
Ms. Susan Carol Micolta Martínez  National Police  
Mr. Shaaban Mohamed Ali Ali Saleh  Embassy of Colombia in Egypt  
Sr. Diego Montes Ferro  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Angelica Maria Mosquera Muñoz  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
H.E. Ms. Ana Milena Muñoz de Gaviria  Embassador of Colombia in Egypt  Embassy of Colombia in Egypt  
Ms. Olga Adriana Nieto Moreno  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Geovany Andrés Orozco Marin  Vice presidency of the Republic of Colombia  
Ms. Catalina Piedrahita López  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Luis Guillermo Pinilla Rodríguez  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Luis Levinson Rentería Arce  Vice presidency of the Republic of Colombia  
Sra. María del Pilar Restrepo Orjuela  Climate Finance Coordinator  National Planning Department  
Mr. Victor Alfonso Rey Arismendy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Karen Johanna Rico Gómez  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Angela Patricia Rivera Galvis  Advisor  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Yonnathan Rodriguez Nuñez  National Police  
Mr. Andrés Felipe Rodríguez Pardo  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Edgar Eduardo Romero Moreno  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Saafan Amer Saafan Mohamed Amer  Intérprete  Modern Sciences and Arts University  
Ms. Yurany Santiago Ortega  National Police  
Ms. Laura Camila Sarabia Torres  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Jhon Fredy Tabares Trujillo  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Pedro Arturo Tibocha Perez  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Darwin Torres  Presidency of the Republic  
Mr. Juan David Turriago García  Instituto de Hidrología, Meteorología y Estudios Ambientales  
Mr. Daniel Jacobo Varela León  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sofia Vargas  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Luis Alberto Villegas Prado  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Manuel Enrique Zafra Mejía  Presidency of the Republic  
Comoros 
H.E. Mr. Assoumani Azali  Président de l'Union des Comores  
S.E. Mme Mhoudine Sitti Farouata  Gouverneur de l'Ile de Ngazidja  
Ms. Ambari Azali  Première Dame de l'Union des Comores  
Mr. Dhoihir Dhoulkamal  Ministre des Affaires Etrangères  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Msaidie Houmed  Ministre de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat porte parole du Gouvernement  
Mr. Assoumany Aboudou  Secretaire Executif de la CPAD  
Mr. Antoy Affandi  Ambassadeur de l'Union des Comores en Egypte  
Comoros (continued) 
Mr. Ali Ahamada  Premier conseiller du Grand Moufti  
Mr. Ali Amir Ahmed  Cordinateur de la Communication  
Mr. Hamada Madi  Conseiller Diplomatique du Président  
Mr. Ali Mohamed Assoumane  Medecin Privé du Chef de l'Etat  Présidence de l'Union des Comores  
Ms. Nakchamy Nailane  Interprète à la Présidence  Présidence de l'Union des Comores  
Mr. Mohamed Amdjadi Abdou Soilihi  Agent de Securité du Président  
Ms. Sofia Ahamada Hamidou  Secrétaire Particulière du Président  Présidence de l'Union des Comores  
Ms. Zoubeida Andjilane  Journaliste  
Mr. Ismael Bachirou  Chef de Service Environnement  Direction Nationale de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Agriculure, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Mr. Youssouf Elamine Youssouf Mbechezi  Directeur Général de l'Environnement et des Forêts  Direction de l'Environnement et des Forêts  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Mr. Abdou Salami Mihidjay  Point Focal National de la CCNUCC  Direction Nationale de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Mr. Assoumani Hablani  Journaliste  
Ms. Salima Hamada  Chargé des programmes Agriculture et Changement Climatique  Direction Générale de l'Agriculture  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Ms. Aicha Haribou  Agent de la Direction Nationale de l'Environnement Chargé des programmes adaptation  Direction Nationale de l'Environnement et Forêts  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Mr. Msaidie Ali Mahamoud  Photographe cameraman du président de l'Union des Comores  
Mr. Faissoil Mhadji  Point Focal National IPCC, chargé de suivi des inventaires nationauxde GES et du NAP  Direction Nationale de l’Environnement et Forêts  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Mr. Abdoul Anziz Mdziani  
Mr. Maoulida Mmadi Issihaka  Député  
Mr. Hachim Mohamed  Directeur Général du Protocol  Présidence de l'Union des Comores  
Mr. Ben Yamine Mohamed Kassim Soule  Agent de l'Agence Comorienne de la Cooperation internationale  
Mr. Fawaz Mohamed Moumini  Négociateur juniors sur le finance climat  
Mr. Anfani Msoili  Responsable Technique insulaire Projet RRC Expert PNUD Comores  
Ms. Soibira Said Ahamad  Agent de la Direction National de l'Environnement et Forêts chef de service changement climatique  Direction National de l'Environnement et Forêts  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Mr. Dahalani Said Ali  Aide du Camp  Présidence de l'Union des Comores  
Mr. Said Ahmed Said Ali  Conseiller en communication à la présidence  
Ms. Roukia Said Omar Dahalani  Assistante de la Première Dame de l'Union des Comores  
Ms. Moegni Thanay Mohamed  Chargé de suivi des Financements des projets Changement Climatique  Direction Générale de l'Environnemet et Forêts  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Mr. Abdillah Yahaya  Conseiller chargé des affaires islamique  
Ms. Riziki Said Halidi Zahiya Binti  Directrice Nationale Adjointe des stratégies Agricoles et Elevage  Direction Nationale des stratégies Agricoles et Elevage  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Ms. Abdallah Epse Ali Fatouma  
Ms. Thanh Quang Ho  Cameramen  
Ms. Anne Macneall  Specialiste Changement climatique  
Ms. Dung Quoc Nong  Photographe  
Ms. Lin Fang-Yun  Specialiste de la Nouriture  
Ms. Ling Tsong Ming  Traductrice  
Mr. Abderemane Ahmed  Chargé de la Communication  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Pêche, de l'Environnement, du Tourisme et de l'Artisanat  
Comoros (continued) 
Mr. Wathik Chahabane Youssouf  Responsable des infrastrutures Météorologiques  Service Météorologique  Ministère du Transport Aerien et Maritime  
Mr. Nadhoir Dahalani Abdou  Premier Secretaire Ambassade de l'Union des Comores en Egypte  
Mr. Oussoufa Mze  Directeur de l'Agence National de Gestion des déchets  
Congo 
S.E. M. Denis Sassou Nguesso  President  Présidence de la République  
S.E. Mme Arlette Soudan-Nonault  Minister  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Développement Durable et du Bassin du Congo  
S.E. M. Jean-Claude Gakosso  Ministre des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Bruno Jean Richard Itoua  Ministre  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
S.E. Mme Françoise Joly  Ministre  Présidence de la République  
S.E. Mme Rosalie Matondo  Ministre  Ministère de l'Economie Forestière  
S.E. M. Jean Dominique Okemba  Ministre  Conseil National de Sécurité  
M. Vidalie Jean Frederique Andea  GCF National Focal Point  Ministère du Développement Durable, de l'Economie Forestière et de l'Environnement  
M. Kessali Lekouledzela  Collaborateur  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Développement Durable et du Bassin du Congo  
Mme Florantine Mapeine Onotiang  Point Focal CCNUCC  Direction Générale du Bassin du Congo  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Développement Durable et du Bassin du Congo  
M. Parfait Dihoukamba  Coordonnateur National  REPALEAC Congo  
Mme Parfaite Josiane Ebengue née Tranzole  Chargée de mission  Ministère de l'Economie Forestière  
M. François Mankessi  Coordonateur National du ProNAR  Ministère de l'Economie Forestière  
M. Jean Bosco Nganongo  Directeur Général  Ministère de l'Economie Forestière  
M. Christophe Guy Bienvenu Babela  Conseiller Administratif et Juridique  Ministère de l'Economie Forestière  
M. Alain Ngatse  Attaché de cabinet  Ministère de l'Economie Forestière  
M. Ghislain Urbain Ofamalekou  Directeur de la Coopération  
Mme Marie Tamoifo Nkom  Présidente  Association Jeunesse Verte du Cameroun  
Mme Monique Cathérine Bisseck épse Yigbedek  Présidente  Réseau des Femmes d'Afrique Centrale pour le Développement Durable  
M. Anicet Ngomin  Directeur des Forêts  Ministère des Fôrets et de la Faune  
Mme Odette Massoussa née Kombila-Mateo  Senatrice  Senat  
M. Dieudonné Louaka  Conseiller  Senat  
Mme Georgine Yoka  Conseillère  Ministère des finances  
M. Alain Levy Boussamba  Président  ONG Humanitas  
M. Jules Lwamba Balimwacha  Professeur  Université de Lubumbashi  
M. Reisch Vanel Attipo  Etudiant  Université Marien Ngouabi  
M. Bertin Ngolo  Chef Labo Hygiène  Ministère de la Santé  
M. Guy Moussele Diseke  Point focal Peuple indigent  REPALEAC Congo  
Mme Reine Carlia Mpassi Nsaou  Etudiante  Eveil d'Afrique  
M. Hamed Ugain Kaya Mikala  Architecte  Association Eveil d'Afrique  
M. Paulo Fernando Gomes  Président Fondateur  Orango Investment Corporation  
M. Zayed Bennani Ziatni  Expert  Orango Investment Corporation  
Mme Nadège Sandrine Njamen-Njamfa épse Nsieze  Environnementaliste  ACEPEC  
M. Ibrahima Marega  Chargé de communication  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Développement Durable et du Bassin du Congo  
M. Guy Lie Djombe  Cadre de banque  Banque de Développement des Etats de l'Afrique Centrale  
Mme Bernardy Koumba Milenzi  Secrétaire  AJEZ  
M. Brice Nazaire Ellenga Hibara  Attaché  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Pie Austin Moukila Ngalipe  Secrétaire  Eveil d'Afrique  
M. Victorien Obouangongo  Conseiller Diplomatique  MAEFCE  
Congo (continued) 
M. Vuvu Masia  Expert  MINAFFET  
Mme Lycheille Rameaux Mondésir Diambwana Louhoho  Etudiante  US Forest  
Mme Kadi Diatou Doray  Informaticienne  Banque Postale du Congo  
M. Simon Llewelyn Lewis  Chercheur  University of Nottingham  
M. Landry Simplice Euloge Ollita  Ambassadeur  Présidence de la République  
M. Bienvenu Okiemy  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
M. Jean Yves Ollivier  Conseiller PR  
M. Antoine Issaka  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Francine Peggy Ndongo  Traductrice  Présidence de la République  
M. Jean-Claude Nkou  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
M. Omar Denis Junior Bongo Odimba  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
M. Guy Olivier Pella  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
M. Aimé Magloire Désiré Oba  Chef du Protocole  Présidence de la République  
M. Pierre Oscar Debougna  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
M. Valentin Oko  Directeur  Présidence de la République  
M. Lasnel Ipoukou Ondongo Okandze  Cameraman  Présidence de la République  
M. Marien Simplice Ominga  Directeur Voyages  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Jean Lucien Romuald Dzo  Collaborateur  Présidence de la République  
M. Joseph Atsini  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
M. Narcisse Clotaire Ndongo  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  
M. Nazaire Ambende  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  
M. Roland Ghislain Mbongo  Fonctionnaire  Présidence  
M. Brice Ibara Onday  Journaliste  Présidence  
M. Gervais Akoua Moko  Agent  Présidence  
M. Osty Destin Nzonza  Photographe  SOROM  
Mme Lisa Francine Louvouandou  Etudiante  US Forest  
Mme Tatiana Ngangoum Nana  Environnementaliste  US Forest  
M. Mohamed Kamal  Enseignant  Terre d'école  
Mme Maria Ngala Maylin née Ben Brahim  Conseiller  Terre d'école  
Mme Yasmine Nouf Leïla Maylin  Conseiller  Terre d'école  
Mme Carine Esneville Michelle Ibombo née Oyoma Imoua  Responsable Communication  Télé Congo  
Mme Stine Espoir Lamy Somboko  Journaliste  Télé Congo  
M. Kevin Akoli Ibara  Consultant  Télé Congo  
Mme Carine Saturnine Milandou  Ingénieur des eaux  
M. Opia Mensah Kumah  Représentant  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
M. Veld Arnaud Bayakissa  Agent  MEDDBC  
M. Lumière Jean Félix Issang  Environnementaliste  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
M. Honoré Tabuna  Commissaire  CEEAC  
M. Gildas Parfait Diamoneka  Expert  CEEAC  
M. Jean Paterne Megne Ekoga  Vice Président  Banque de Développement des Etats de l'Afrique Centrale  
M. Marcel Ondele  Vice Président  Banque de Développement des Etats de l'Afrique Centrale  
M. Marcel Pambou Tchiloemba  Attaché  Environnement et Développement durable  Présidence de la République  
M. Léonard Mouboundou  Attaché à la Présidence  Présidence de la République  
M. Claude Félix Sebag  Président  Terre d'école  
M. Jesse Mervy Moubindou Mayobi  Journaliste  Télé Congo  
M. Fransnel Yende Abako  Journaliste  Télé Congo  
Congo (continued) 
M. Maixent Fortunin Agnimba Emeka  Expert  Forum pour la gouvernance et les droits de l'homme  
Mme Irma Séraphine Pella  Ingénieure  
M. Célestin Jean-Paul Akoulafoua - M'Voula  Ambassadeur  Congo  
Mme Stephanie Shanice Ngandeu  Consultante  Ministère de l'Environnement  
M. Gilberto Da Piedade Verissimo  Président  CEEAC  
M. Eric Wilfried Bakala  Gérant  Société Bird Advert  
Mme Gracia Barthely Mbaloula Mpolo  Opératrice de saisie  Société Bird Advert  
M. Fabrice Davy Okassa Okassa  Conseiller  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
M. Christian Hippolyte Tchinianga Pambou  Conseiller  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
M. Aristide Bruno Loka  Fonctionnaire  MIDDL  
Mr. Brice Kevin Abandzounou  Journaliste  MIDDL  
Mr. Michel Innocent Peya  Écrivain-Chercheur  MIDDL  
Mr. Julien Arnaud Pea Olangue  Secrétaire Chargé à la Mobilisation  Brazzaville  MIDDL  
M. Alain Francis Mouassami  Consultant  MIDDL  
M. Steve Rostant Elenga Ngakosso  Commerçant  MIDDL  
M. Roland Adoua Ngakomo  Chauffeur  MIDDL  
M. Renaud Samba M'Banzoulou  Collaborateur  MIDDL  
M. Narcisse Odoua  Expert CEEAC  CEEAC  
M. Placide Ibouanga - Ndinga  Expert  CEEAC  
M. Arnolde Audin Ndongo  Journaliste  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Mr. Jean Ondongo  Conseiller  Ministère du Tourisme et de l'Environnnement  
Cook Islands 
Mr. Wayne King  Director  Climate Change Cook Islands  Government  
Ms. Tepaeru Herrmann  Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Immigration  
Mr. Benjamin Ponia  Chief of Staff  Prime Ministers Office  
Ms. Piakura Passfield  Deputy High Commissioner to New Zealand  Cook Islands High Commission to New Zealand  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Immigration  
Ms. Antonina Browne  Director  Pacific and Regional Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Immigration  
Mr. Isaac Ryan  Climate Change Advisor  Climate Change Cook Islands  Cook Islands Government  
Ms. Tessa Vivenne Vaetoru  Development Programme Manager  Ministry of Finance and Economic Management  Cook Islands Government  
Ms. Kristina Tatuava  Climate Finance Advisor  Climate Change Cook Islands  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Linda Ann Siegele  Legal Research Advisor  Environmental Law  
Ms. Nanette Vaimoana Lanuola Woonton  Media and Relations Officer  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Audrey Brown-Pereira  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Daphne Hosking-Brown  
Ms. Akaitiiti-O-Te-Rangi Puna  
Mr. Pankaj Pratap Singh  Finance and Planning Manager  Pacific Catastrophe Risk Insurance Company  
Ms. Charlene Miimetua Hoff  Policy Analyst  Central Policy and Planning  Cook Islands Government  
Costa Rica 
H.E. Mr. Franz Tattenbach Capra  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Carlos Isaac Pérez Mejía  Vice Minister  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Sra. Ana Patricia Villalobos Arrieta  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Culto  
Mr. Iván Alonso Delgado Pitti  Head of the Climate Change Directorate  Climate Change Directorate  Ministerio de Ambiente y Energía  
Mr. Fernando Vargas Pérez  Viceministro  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Costa Rica (continued) 
Mr. Roberto Céspedes  Department of Sustainable Development and Environment  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mauricio Chacón Navarro  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Sr. Javier Díaz Carmona  Senior Fellow  Foro de la Vulnerabilidad Climática, CVF/V20  
Ms. María Elena Herrera Ugalde  Fondo Nacional de Financiamento Forestal  
Ms. Agripina Jenkins Rojas  Asesora  
Ms. Karla María Mena Soto  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Ms. Carolina Molina Barrantes  
Mr. German Obando Vargas  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Alejandro José Picado Eduarte  Presidente CNE  Comisión Nacional de Prevención de Riesgos y Atención de Emergencias  
Mr. Jorge Mario Rodríguez Zúñiga  Fondo Nacional de Financiamento Forestal  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Ricardo Manuel Ulate-Chacon  Asesor  Ministerio de Ambiente y Energía  
Ms. Giovanna Valverde Stark  
Ms. Rita Zaghloul  
Côte d’Ivoire 
H.E. Mr. Tiemoko Meyliet Koné  Vice-Président  Présidence de la République  
H.E. Mr. Jean-Luc Assi  Ministre  Cabinet  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
H.E. Mr. Aouélé Eugène Aka  Président  CESEC  
H.E. Mr. Mamadou Sangafowa Coulibaly  Ministre  Ministère des Mines, du Pétrole et de l'Energie  
H.E. Mr. N'Gou Pierre Dimba  Ministre  Cabinet  Ministère de la Santé, de l'Hygiène Publique et de la Couverture Maladie Universelle  
Mr. Alain-Richard Ahipaud Donwahi  Président de la COP15  Présidence COP15 Désertification  
H.E. Mr. Timothée Ezouan  Ambassadeur  Ministère d'Etat et Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
H.E. Mr. Kouassi Adjoumani Kobenan  Ministre  Cabinet  Ministère d'Etat, Ministère de l'Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
H.E. Mr. Nabagné Bruno Koné  Ministre  Ministère de la Construction, du Logement, de l'Assainissement et de l'Urbanisme  
H.E. Mr. Bougui Laurent Tchagba  Ministre  Cabinet  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Abé Yapo Eric-Michel Assamoi  Point Focal de la CCNUCC  Direction de la Lutte contre les Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Galé Frédéric Zakpa  Sous-Directeur  Direction de la Lutte contre les Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mme Viviane Clotilde Ahipeaud  Administrateur parlementaire  Commission de la Recherche, de la Science, de la Technologie et de l'Environnement  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Oreste Santoni Akossi  Sous-Directeur chargé du Renforcement des Capacités et de la Finance Climatique  Direction de la Lutte contre les Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mme Tanoe Monique Aman Epse Miezan  Chef Service Recherche de Financement  SODEFOR  Ministère d'Etat, Ministère de l'Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
Mme Nantarie Aboa née Touré  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Aboua Gustave Aboua  Directeur Général du Développement Durable  Direction Générale du Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mme Ange Patricia Agni Adiko  Sous-Directrice des Etudes et Projets  Direction de la lutte contre les changements climatiques  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Roland Christol Adjo Lessing  Conseiller  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Kouadio Jean-Désiré Adou  Assistant  Ministère d'Etat, Ministère de l'Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
Mr. Idelphonse Affogbolo  Conseiller Principal  COP15  
Mme Walemin Hortense Aka  Directrice  Coopération Décentralisée  Ministère de l'Intérieur et de la Sécurité  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mme Flore Helena Gnamby Marguerite Aka épouse Arkhurst  Chef Département  Affaires règlementaires et Communautaires  Confédération Générale des Entreprises de Côte d'Ivoire  
Mr. Atsé Casimir Eric Akaffou  Conseiller Technique  Ministère des Ressources Animales et Halieutiques  
Mr. Kouassi Amani  Spécialiste Changement Climatique  CIFOR  
Mme Brou Cynthia Amandine Amémou  Assistante Administrative  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Youssef Amri  Directeur Général  Ministère d'Etat, Ministère de l'Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
Mr. Kouamé Alvor Assa  Directeur de la Communication  Communication  CESEC  
Mr. Djambi Louis Assogba  RAF  PNCC  MINEDD  
Mr. Yao Léon Atsin  Directeur Exécutif  Direction Exécutive  Fonds Interprofessionnel pour la Recherche et le Conseil Agricoles  
Mr. Djatin Edmond Ayémou  Chef de l'Unité Financement Agricole  Direction Exécutive  Fonds Interprofessionnel pour la Recherche et le Conseil Agricoles  
Mr. Soko André Elvis Azie  Coordonnateur des Programmes et Projets  UVICOCI  
Mr. Amadou Bah  Membre Commission GERSE  CGECI  
Mr. Adama Bamba  Enseignant-Chercheur  Université Félix Houphouet Boigny  Ministère de l'Enseignement Supérieur et de la Recherche Scientifique  
Mr. Abou Bakari Bamba  Conseiller du Premier Ministre  Primature de la République  
Mr. Coulibaly Bema  Directeur Général d'Adminisitration  District Autonome du Sassandra-Marahoué  ARDCI  
Mme Danielle Mamady Benoist  Conseillère  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Ibrahiman Berté  Directeur Général  Office National de L'eau Potable  
Mr. Bessekon Gastien Bessekon  Chef du Protocole  Cabinet  MINEDD  
Mr. Ahizi Constantin Bilé  Agent Consulaire  Ministère d'Etat et Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Yao Kra Abraham Bio  Chargé composante REDD+ Promire  REDD+  MINEDD  
Mr. Jean Pascal Boah  Directeur  Coopération Internationale et Développement Urbain Durable  Ministère de la Construction, du Logement, de l'Assainissement et de l'Urbanisme  
Mr. Boka Maurice Boka  Directeur Général d'Administration  Conseil Régional de San Pédro  ARDCI  
Mr. Ahouty Guy-Stéphane Sébastien Bouedy  Chargé d'Etudes  COP15  
Mme Royata Emma Cissé  Chargée d'Etudes  SODEXAM  Ministère des transports  
Mr. Dogo Lacina Cissé  Chargé de Mission  Ministère des Mines, du Pétrole et de l'Energie  
Mr. Soro Foungnigue Coulibaly  Aide de Camp  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Kacou Firmin Croi  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère du Plan et du Développement  
Mr. Yacouba Diallo  Chargé du Protocole  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Issa Diarrassouba  Chef de la cellule du contrôle et de la planification  OIPR  MINEDD  
Mme Minata Diarre épouse Sylla  Secrétaire des Conseillers  Ministère d'Etat et Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Kra Ulrich Leslie Diby  Chargée des émissions des titres publics  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Dro Gabriel Eric Diomandé  Attaché de Presse  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Kouakou Bernard Djè  Chef de Département  SODEXAM  Ministère du Transport  
Mme Bongnih Eugénie Doh Epse Gagne  Directrice  Hygiène Publique et Santé Environnementale  Ministère de la Santé, de l'Hygiène Publique et de la Couverture Maladie Universelle  
Mme Laure Donwahi née Baflan  Maire  Mayo  UVICOCI  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mme Trazié Lou Bozié Rachel Douayoua née Boti  Coordonnateur de l'Autorité Nationale du MDP  Agence Nationale de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Wotoumo Melessi Morigbey Fanny  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mme Tangadana Sylvie Fofana  Secrétaire de Direction  Cabinet  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Sakro Florent Galaty  Directeur de Cabinet  Cabinet  Ministère de la Culture et de la Francophonie  
Mme Zoko bertine Gbetibouo née Gnohori  Conseiller Technique  Ministère de la Fonction Publique  
Mr. Didier Lohoury Gbogou  Directeur de Cabinet  COP15  
Mr. Ouhombleon Christophe Guehi  Directeur des Moyens Techniques et Généraux  District Autonome Sassandra-Marahoué  ARDCI  
Mr. Kohou Emile Guirieoulou  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Lambert Kahiba  Député  Commission de la Recherche, de la Science, de la Technologie et de l'Environnement  Assemblée Nationale  
Mme Adrienne Grace Kando  Journaliste  RTI  
Mr. Ouagabamba Célestin Koalla  Directeur Général  Logement et Cadre de vie  Ministère de la Construction, du Logement, de l'Assainissement et de l'Urbanisme  
Mr. Ahoutou Emmanuel Koffi  Directeur de Cabinet  Premier Ministre  
Mr. Aka Charles Koffi  Directeur de Cabinet  Ministère de la Santé  
Mr. Andé Jean Yves Roland Konan  Coordonnateur délégué  Programme National Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Jean Georges Félicien Konan Banny  Chargé de Mission  Protocole  COP15  
Mr. Daouda Konaté  Directeur de la Météorologie  SODEXAM  Ministère du Transport  
Mr. Gninlnanyaha Constant Koné  Photographe  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Abdoulkarim Koné  Interprète - Traducteur  Ministère d'Etat et Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Diakaria Kone  Directeur  Mobilisation et Protection des ressources en eau  Office National de L'eau Potable  
Mr. Check Aboubakar Koné  Chef de Serive  Communication et Coopération Internationale  Ministère de la Construction, du Logement, de l'Assainissement et de l'Urbanisme  
Mme Alimata Koné  Sécrétaire Permanent, Point Focal Opérationnel du FEM  Commission Nationale du FEM  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mme Ahou Sosthène Larissa Kouadio  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Kumassi Philippe Kouadio  Sous-Directeur  Direction de la Lutte contre les Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Kouakou Noguès Kouadio  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère d'Etat, Ministère de la Défense  
Mr. Kouacou Fidèle Kouadio  Chef de Service Genre et Environnement  Direction Exécutive Adjointe  Fonds Interprofessionnel pour la Recherche et le Conseil Agricole  
Mr. Kouamé Georges Kouadio  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Douagui Jean-Rock Christian Kouadio-Kirine  Chef de Departement Territoires et Développement  CCI  Chambre de Commerce et d'Industrie de Côte d'Ivoire  
Mr. Aphely Amon N’Guessan Auguste Kouakou  Coordonnateur du Centre de Gestion des Projets du Bélier  Conseil régional du Bélier  ARDCI  
Mr. Kouadio Emmanuel Kouakou  Assistant Technique  PNCC  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Konan Raoul Kouamé  Coordonnateur de projets changements climatiques  Changements Climatiques  Economic Community of West African States  
Mr. Kanga Daniel Kouamé  Chargé d'Etudes  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère des Mines, du Pétrole et de l'Energie  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mr. Yao Lucien Kouassi  Directeur Général Adjoint des Forêts et de la Faune  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Jean-Yves Gaba Kpalou  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Daleba Raymond Bernard Kpenahi  Responsable de Programmes  AIPH  
Mme Dissahonon Marie Sylvie Liadé  Coordonnateur délégué  Programme National Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mme Berthe Lohoré  Directrice des Affaires Sociales  Régions des Grands Ponts  ARDCI  
Mr. Bini Kouamé Christian Menzan  Chargé d'Etudes  Cabinet  Ministère d'Etat, Ministère de l'Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
Mr. Bian Donatien Molle  Directeur  Etudes, Matériaux et Architecture  Ministère de la Construction, du Logement, de l'Assainissement et de l'Urbanisme  
Mme Nora Tiétin Marie Madeleine Monnet  Chargée de Développement de l'Economie Circulaire  District Autonome d'Abidjan  ARDCI  
Mr. Coffi Moïse Jean Louis Moulot  Directeur Général  Direction Générale  SODEXAM  
Mr. Ohoueu Kikou Lionel Arnaud N'Cho  Chargé d'Etudes  Ministère de la Construction, du Logement, de l'Assainissement et de l'Urbanisme  
Mr. Effoly Zango N'Dakon  Chauffeur du Chef de mission  Ministère d'Etat et Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Konan Aimé N'dri  Assistant Technique  PNCC  MINEDD  
Mme Patricia Amoin N'Goran-Theckly née Yoboué  Conseillère  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Kouamé N'Guessan  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Koffi Rodrigue N'Guessan  Directeur Général  Ministère d'Etat, Ministère de l'Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
Mr. Brou Alphonse N'Guessan  Directeur  Adressage, Gestion et Restructuration Urbaine  Ministère de la Construction, du Logement, de l'Assainissement et de l'Urbanisme  
Mme Kouity Florence Nebout née Sia  Chargée d'Etudes  Ministère de l'Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
Mr. Ali Omeïs  Chef de Protocole Adjoint  CESEC  
Mr. Lacina Ouattara  Conseiller Technique  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Damalan Henri-César Sama  PCA  AIPH  
Mr. Adama Sangaré  Caméraman  RTI  
Mr. Yacouba Sangaré  Député  Commission de la Recherche, de la Science, de la Technologie et de l'Environnement  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Mohamed Sanogo  Coordonnateur de Programme  Programme National Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Play Christophe Sare  Président  Mécanisme Spécial de Don des Communautés Locales  
Mr. Kanon Yehiri Jean Seri  Inspecteur Technique  Ministère de la Fonction Publique  
Mr. Essiagne Daniel Sess  Président  Région des Grands Ponts  ARDCI  
Mr. Gildas Badizon Simy  Directeur de Cabinet Adjoint  Cabinet  Ministère de l'Hydraulique, de l'Assainissement et de la Salubrité  
Mr. André Sohou  Directeur département Appui au Renforcement de la Décentralisation  ARDCI  
Mme Lou Tranan Julie Toh  Chargée d'Etudes  Cabinet  Ministère auprès du Premier Ministre chargé du Budget et du Portefeuille de l'Etat  
Mr. N'goran Jules François Tokouret  Deuxième Conseiller  Ministère d'Etat et Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Adama Tondossama  Directeur Général  Office Ivoirien des Parcs et Réserves  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Abdoulaye Touré  Directeur Général de l'Administration  Conseil Régional du Bélier  ARDCI  
Mme Massara Touré née Diabaté  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Côte d’Ivoire (continued) 
Mr. Ynsa Traoré  Coordonnateur Adjoint de l'initiative Cacao et Forêts  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts  
Mr. Drissa Traoré  Conseiller Technique  Direction Générale des Productions et de la Sécurité Alimentaire  Ministère d'Etat, Ministère de l'Agriculture et du Développement Rural  
Mme Lou Foua Thérèse Vanie  Secrétaire Particulière  Ministère d'Etat et Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Euphrasie Liliane-Chantal Yaméogo née N'Guessan  Députée  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. N'Da N'Guessan Eric Yao  Assistant Technique  PNCC  MINEDD  
Mme Marie-Michèle Hago Fatou Yao-Yao  Directeur Commercial, du Marketing et de la Communication  SODEXAM  Ministère des transports  
Mr. Assamoi Robert Yapo  Conseiller  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  Primature  
Mr. Achy Olivier Constant Yapo  Conseiller Technique  Cabinet  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Kouassi Pascal Yéboué-Kouamé  Président  Toumodi  ARDCI  
Mr. Kocochie Félix Yenan  Directeur  Commissions, Etudes et Prospective  Confédération Générale des Entreprises de Côte d'Ivoire  
Mr. Descor Venan Yoboué  Membre  Commission E-QSHE  Confédération Générale des Entreprises de Côte d'Ivoire  
Mr. Harouna Zeba  Directeur Général Adjoint  Police Nationale du Burkina Faso  
Mme Oulehiri Diane Landry Zemati épouse Trahier  Chef de Service  DLCC  MINEDD  
Croatia 
H.E. Mr. Andrej Plenkovic  Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Mr. Davor Filipovic  Minister  Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Dunja Mazzocco Drvar  Director  Directorate for Climate Activities  Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Zvonimir Frka-Petešic  Head of Office  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
H.E. Mr. Tomislav Bosnjak  Ambassador of the Republic od Croatia  Embassy of the Republic of Croatia  Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs  
Ms. Višnja Grgasovic  Head of Climate Policy Sector  Directorate for Climate Activities  Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Dino Mihanovic  Diplomatic advisor to the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Mr. Marko Milic  Spokesperson  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Ms. Rajna Stevic  Deputy Director  Protocol Office  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Ms. Ivana Porges  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Ms. Tatjana Obucina  Head of Air Protection and Climate Activities Service  Institute for Environment and Nature  Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Ivan Güttler  Deputy Director - General  Croatian Meteorological and Hydrological Service  
Ms. Emina El Majzoub  Deputy Head of Mission, Embassy of Croatia in Cairo  Political and Consular Affairs  Embassy of Croatia  
Ms. Marija Pujo Tadic  President of the Institute  International Institute for Climate Action  
Ms. Zeljka Skaricic  Director  RAC  
Ms. Daria Povh Škugor  Senior Programme Officer  RAC  
Mr. Damir Galic  Official Photographer  Office of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Mr. Mario Kutleša  Security Officer  Ministry of Interior, Personal Protection Department  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Mr. Denis Zignic  Security Officer  Ministry of Interior, Personal Protection Department  Government of the Republic of Croatia  
Croatia (continued) 
Mr. Vedran Jovev  Technician  Croatian radio television  
Mr. Tomislav Eržic  Camerman  Croatian radio television  
Mr. Tomislav Bušic  Administrative Officer  Embassy of the Republic of Croatia  
Cuba 
S.E. Sra. Elba Rosa Pérez Montoya  Ministra  Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment  
Sr. Ulises Fernández Gómez  Director of International Relations  International Relations Department  Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment  
Sra. Maria del Carmen Herrera Caseiro  Deputy Director General  General Division of Multilateral Issues and International Law  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Tania Aguiar Fernández  Ambassadeur of Cuba in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Wenceslao Carrera Doral  Project Manager  CUBAENERGIA  Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment  
Mr. Dennis Casares Benítez  Conseilleur  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Antonio Vladimir Guevara Velazco  Scientific Director  Institute of Meteorology of Cuba  Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment  
Sra. Belsis Isabel Llorente Diaz  Jefa de la Secretaría  Secretaría de la Ministra de Ciencia, Tecnologia y Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología y Medio Ambiente  
Sr. Orlando Ernesto Rey Santos  Advisor  Dirección de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnología y Medio Ambiente  
Cyprus 
H.E. Mr. Nicos Anastasiades  President of the Republic of Cyprus  
H.E. Mr. Constantinos Kadis  Minister  
H.E. Ms. Natasa Pilides  Minister of Energy, Commerce and Industry  Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Energy  
Mr. Theodoulos Mesimeris  Ministry of Agriculture, Rural Development and Environment  
Mr. Marios Pelekanos  Government Spokesman  Precidency  
Mr. Costas Papanicolas  President  The Cyprus Institute  
Ms. Niovi Parisinou  Deputy Government Spokeswoman  Presidency  
H.E. Ms. Polly Ioannou  Ambassador of the Republic of Cyprus to the Arab Republic of Egypt  Embassy of the Republic of Cyprus in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Pantelis Pantelides  Director of President's Office  Presidency  
Mr. Andreas Gregoriou  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Agriculture, Rural Development and Environment  
Mr. Marios Panayides  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Energy  
Mr. Neophytos Papadopoulos  Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Sport and Youth  Ministry of Education, Sport and Youth  
Ms. Elena Rafti  Ambassador for Climate Diplomacy  Global Agenda Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kleanthis Nicolaides  Director  Department of Meteorology of Cyprus  Ministry of Agriculture, Rural Development and Environment  
H.E. Ms. Koula Sophianou  Deputy Director  Diplomatic Office of the President  
Mr. Constantinos Christofides  Deputy Head of Mission/ First Counsellor  Embassy of the Republic of Cyprus in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Christina-Stella Zinga  Lead Middle East and Gulf Desk Officer  Middle East, Gulf and Africa  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Aravella Zachariou  Head of the Unit of Education for the Environment and Sustainable Development  Unit of Education for the Environment and Sustainable Development  Pedagogical Institute, Ministry of Education, Sport and Youth  
Ms. Melina Nicolaides  Advisor for the President's Initiative on Regional Climate Action  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Eleni Sofokleous  Vice-President  The Cyprus Institute  
Mr. Thanasis Hadzilacos  Professor  Eastern Med and Middle East Climate Change Initiative  The Cyprus Institute  
Cyprus (continued) 
Mr. Christos Makriyiannis  First Secretary  Protocol Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Christos Gogakis  Commercial Counsellor  Cyprus Trade Center - Embassy of the Republic of Cyprus in Cairo  Embassy of the Republic of Cyprus to Spain  
Ms. Riana Magidou  Press officer to the President  Presidency  
Ms. Maria Chatzisotiriou  Administrative Officer  Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Education, Sport and Youth  
Czechia 
Mr. Jan Dusik  Deputy Minister  Climate Protection Section  Ministry of the Environment  
H.E. Mr. Petr Fiala  Prime Minister of the Czech Republic  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
H.E. Mr. Marian Jurecka  Minister  Ministry of the Environment of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Ladislav Miko  Government Commissioner for Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services and Adviser to the Minister  Department of the Minister's Office  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Pavel Zámyslický  Deputy Director General, NFP  Climate Protection Section  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Eva Adamova  Department of Foreign Relations  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Bernadett Benko  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. David Borek  Journalist  ceska televize  
Mr. Jan Borovicka  Cameraman  CNN Prima News  
Ms. Pavlína Boušková  Officer  Department of Protocol  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Martin Bursik  Consultant  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Michal Danhelka  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Mohab Sami Zaki Mohamed Elakawi  local escorts  
Ms. Katerina Filipova  Spokesperson for the Ministry of the Environment of the Czech Republic  Press and PR department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Petra Fojtíková  Deputy Minister for Management of the Prime Minister's Office Section  Prime Minister's Office Section  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Samuel Joseph Soliman Gorgy  local driver  
Ms. Michaela Hlouskova  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Petr Janda  Cameraman  Nova TV  
Mr. Libor Jelínek  Security Officer  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
H.E. Mr. Ivan Jukl  Ambassador of the Czech Republic to the Arab Republic of Egypt  Embassy of the Czech Republic in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Jiri Jungr  Head of Department of Renewable Energy Sources and Environmental Strategies  Department of Renewable Energy Sources and Environmental Strategies  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Romana Jungwirth Brezovska  Association for International Affairs  
Mr. Jakub Kajzler  Director of Strategy and Analysis Department  Strategy and Analysis Department  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Ayman Waheed Khaleel Mansour  local driver  
Ms. Patricie Klimešová Vlachová  Translator  The Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Michal Kolmas  Metropolitan University Prague  
Ms. Ludmila Kopecká  Department of the Cabinet of Minister  The Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Stanislav Kouba  Deputy Minister for Taxation and Customs  Department of Taxation and Customs  Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic  
Ms. Tereza Koubková  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Jirí Kozák  Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Ms. Barbora Kvasnickova  Ministry of the Environment  
Czechia (continued) 
Ms. Ludmila Leškovská  Economic Diplomat in Cairo  Embassy of the Czech Republic in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Pavel Linzer  The young delegate  Czech Council of Children and Youth  
Ms. Eva Lopatova  Air Quality Protection Division  Czech Hydrometeorological Institute  
Ms. Barbora Loudová  Director  Department of Protocol and Foreign Relations  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Stepan Machacek  Journalist  Ceský rozhlas (CRO)  
Mr. Jan Malý  Official cameraman  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Karel Man  Cameraman  Czech Television  
Ms. Jitka Martinkova  Communication coordinator  Climate Coalition  
Mr. Tomáš Medek  Officer  Prime Minister's Communications Department  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Mina Sami Riad Atteya Moussa  local driver  
Mr. Roman Musil  Department of Multilateral Economic Relations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Michal Nekvasil  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Linda Nguyenová  Journalist  Nova TV  
Mr. Michal Novotný  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Pavlina Patkova  Unit of Foreign Protocol  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Ales Petruska  Official Photographer  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Ms. Alena Pieklaková  Department of International Relations  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Tomáš Pojar  Adviser to the Prime Minister on Foreign and Security Affairs  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Luboš Procházka  Journalist  Frekvence 1  
Mr. Risto Juhana Saarikivi  Air Quality Protection Division  Czech Hydrometeorological Institute  
Mr. Tibor Schaffhauser  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Marek Sitta  European Policy Coordination Department  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Michal Skopek  Security Officer  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Daniel Slovák  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Tereza Smékalová  Intern  Ministry of the Environment of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Václav Smolka  Government Spokesperson, Director of Department of Communication  Department of Communication  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Ms. Sarka Stribrska  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Kryštof Stupka  The young delegate  Czech Council of Children and Youth  
Ms. Katerina Sucha  Deputy Director  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Karolina Sulcova  Department of International Relations  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Klara Sutlovicova  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Filip Svoboda  Journalist  CNN Prima News  
Ms. Petra Tachecí  Head of Foreign Protocol Department  Foreign Protocol Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Bronislava Tomasova  Ambassador  Head of the Climate and Security Task Force  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Robert Tripes  Deputy Ambassador  Embassy of the Czech Republic in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Matej Vana  IT expert  IT Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Marcel Vanecek  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Czechia (continued) 
Ms. Barbora Vanova  Cyber Security Manager  IT Department  Ministry of the Environment of the Czech Republic  
Mr. Marek Vicar  Department of International Relations  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Jirí Vicher  Security Officer  Office of the Government of the Czech Republic  
Ms. Kamila Vondrácková  Energy and Climate Protection Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Viktor Votruba  Journalist  Aktuálne, Hospodárské noviny  
Ms. Lucie Vymazalová  Director of the Department of the Cabinet of Minister  Department of the Cabinet of Minister  The Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs of the Czech Republic  
Democratic People’s Republic of Korea 
Mr. Tong Hui Ma  Ambassador  Embassy of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in Egypt  
Mr. Song Rim Yun  Counsellor  Permanent Mission of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to the United Nations Office and other International Organizations in Geneva  
Mr. Myong Hak Jong  Counsellor  Permanent Mission of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to the United Nations Office and other International Organizations in Geneva  
Mr. Kyong Su Ho  Counsellor  Embassy of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in Egypt  
Democratic Republic of the Congo 
H.E. Ms. Eve Bazaïba Masudi  Vice-Premier Ministre, Ministre de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Didier Budimbu Ntuabuanga  Ministre des Hydrocarbures  
Mr. Desire M'zinga Birihanze  Ministre de l'Agriculture  Ministère de l'Agriculture de la RDC  
Mr. Pius Muabilu Mbayu  Ministère d'Etat  Ministère de L'Urbanisme et Habitat  Ministère de l'urbanisme et de l'habitat  
Mr. Olivier Mwenze Mukaleng  Minisere des Ressources Hydrauliques et Electricité de la RDC  Ministere des Ressources Hydrauliques et Electricité  
M. Bavon N'sa Mputu Elima  Secrétaire Exécutif du Fonds National REDD+  Ministère des Finance de la RDC  
Mr. Modero Nsimba Matondo  Ministre du Tourisme  Gouvernement de la RDC  
Mr. O’neige N’sele Mimpa  Vice-Ministre des Finances  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. Julien Paluku Kahongya  Ministre de l'Industrie  Ministère de l'Industrie  
Mme Nduku Booto  Ambassadeur de la RD Congo en Egypte  Ministere des Affaires Etrangeres  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Sandra Akenda Yasenzale  Chef de Bureau/Coordinatrice Nationale Projet Miombo  Ministère de l'Environnement  Coordination Provinciale de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Benjamin Toirambe Bamoninga  Secrétaire Général  Secrétariat Général Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Mustache Mupwanya Mwamba  Photographe du premier ministre chargé d’études  Cabinet du Premier Ministre Rd Congo  
Mme Deborah Amba Lobeye  
Mr. Jared Babaka Phanzu  Secrétaire Particulier du Ministre  Ministère de Communication et Médias  Cabinet du Ministre  
Mr. Joseph-Michee Baciseze Katwanyi  Membre de la Cellule de Communication du Sénat  Sénat de la République Démocratique du Congo  Cellule de Communication du Sénat  
Mme Léonie Baka Bongole  Experte  Vice-Primature, Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  COMIFAC RDC  
Mr. Marie-Josée Bunsana Lunkeba  Conseillère en charge des questions Administratives  Cabinet  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Tony Dino Chermani  Conseiller Aval Pétrolier  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
Mme Stephany Fofana Stephany  Assistante  
Mme Nathalie Hasha Baelomona  Secrétaire Particulière du Ministre d'État  Minstère de Développement Rural  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
Mr. Ndondo Kakule Vuko  Ministère de l'Industrie  
Mr. Christian Kanku Kashala  Secrétariat Général des Hydrocarbures  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
Mr. John Daniel Kasalu Kasonga  Assistant Presse  Ministère des Finances  
Mme Liza Khonde Ntedika  Chargée de mission  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. Gilbert Kishiba Fitula  Recteur  Universite de Lubumbashi  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mr. Alda Kule Dale  Conseillère financière  Cabinet du Ministre des Finances  
Mr. Serge Maghoma Nyembo  Ministre Provincial de L'Environnement et Développement Durable  Environnement et Développement Durable/Haut-Katanga  
Mr. Benito Mbiango Undjirime  Chef de Bureau  Secrétariat général du Développement Rural  
Mr. Pange Moleka Mosisi  Chef de Département  Université de Kisangani  
Mme Christine Mwando Katempa  Senator  Senate  
Mr. Pitie Ngeleka Ngeleka  Chargé d'études/caméraman  Primature  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
Mr. Raphael Tshimanga Muamba  Professeur et Président du GEAC  Université de Kinshasa et Groupe d’Experts sur l’Evolution du Climat en Afrique Centrale - GEAC  Université  
Mme Betty Amani Mbutu Elowa  Chargee de Communication  Ministere en Charge des Personnes Vivant avec Handicape et autres Personnes Vulnerables  
Mme Belbiche Ambele Makongo  Hotesse  medd  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Fridolin Ambongo  Besungu  
Mr. Gentil Amisi Kasimu Bin Nasibu  Conseille Charge du Partenariat et Formation des Ong DH et Société Civile Droits Economique Sociaux et Culturels  Droits Economique Sociaux et Culturels  Commission Nationale des Droits de l'Homme  
Mme Cecile Ashimana Diata  Experte  Ministere en Charge des Personnes Vivant avec Handicape et autres Personnes Vulnerables  
Mr. Hassan Assani  Coordonnateur  Coordination Nationale REDD  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Sally Atef Saad Atia bahr  Assistant  Media  
Mr. François Atibu Tshomba  Conseiller/Organisation et Encadrement de la population rurale  Ministère du Développement Rural  
Mme Claudine Atisandi Elondia  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  COMIFAC RDC  
Mr. Remon Ayoub Dawoud Sadok  Cameraman  
Mme Soraya Aziz Souleymane  Directeur chargée de Communication  Mobilisation et Partenariats  
Ms. Martine Mbombo Badibanga Kamunga  National Focal Point  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Isaac Bakajika Diyi  Conseiller Principal du Premier MInistre  Primature  
Mr. Salvius Bakari Amuri  Vice-Doyen Chargé de la Recherche  Universite de Lubumbashi  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mr. Bady Balde Mamadou  Directeur Executif Adjoint  Ministère du Plan de La RDC  ITIE Internationale  
Mr. Jean-Jacques Bambuta  Coordonnateur  Unité de Gestion de la Tourbière  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Carmel Bampile Mbuyi  Conseillere Juridique  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Grace Banguli Toto  Assistante du Ministre  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
Mr. John Banza Lunda  député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Jean flavien Baseme Birategeste  Coordonnateur Provincial  MEDD  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Jean Pierre Batumuko Afozunde  Senateur  Senat  
Mme Scholastique Befonga Siko  Chefferie  
Ms. Olofio Cynthia Valerie Bemba-Gombo  Experte  Cabinet du Vice-Premier Ministre, Ministre de l'environnement  
Mr. Apollinaire Biloso Moyene  Directeur de cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l'agriculture de la République Démocratique du Congo  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
Mr. Bertin Biringanine Mubalama  Conseiller  Présidence de la République Démocratique du Congo  
Mr. Michel Bisa Kibul  Enseignant-Chercheur  Ministere de l'Enseignement Superieur et Universitaire/Universite de Kinshasa  Université de Kinshasa  
Mme Fidelia Bisimwa Kinja  Chef de Bureau  ministere de finance  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. Jean Paul Boketsu Bofili  Conseiller du Ministre  Ministère des Finances  Cabinet du Ministre des Finances  
Mme Rita Bola Dula  Gouverneure Provincial  Gouvernement Provincial  
Mr. Albert Boliko Lomboto  Assistant du Chargé de Mission Adjoint  Fonds d'Intervention Pour l'Environnement  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Adolin Bompongo Nkombe  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Patience Bondonga Boluku  Directeur de cabinet  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  Cabinet du Ministre de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Ms. Veronique Bongambo Apusa  Secretaire  Cabinet  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Aristote Bongenda Mokolo  Intendant  MEDD  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Pancrace Boongo Nkoy  Gouverneur  Gouverneur de la Tshuapa  
Mme Nounou Booto Meeti  Cabinet du Ministre du Ministre  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Jeannette Bosingizi Sulia  Chef de service  Consultation du publique  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Faustin Boyemba Bosela  Expert Senior Programmation et Suivi-évaluation  Ministère de l'Environnement de la RDC  Fonds National REDD+  
M. Claude Boyoo Itaka  Assistant du Directeur de Cabinet du Président de la République  Environnement et Social  Cabinet du Président de la République  
Mr. Bibiane Buhanda Nabuholo  Ministère de l'Urbanisme et Habitat  
Mme Therese Byabene Vyovanemo  Chef Adjoint du Service Provincial du Protocole d'Etat  Gouvernement Provincial du Nord-Kivu  Ministère Provincial de l'Environnement  
Mr. Idesbald Chinamula Vuningoma  Directeur Général  Agence Nationale des Services d'Électrification Rural  Ministère des Ressources Hydrauliques et Electricité  
Mr. Sebastian Clemens Sahla Sahla  Ministère du Plan de La RDC  ITIE Internationale  
Mr. Dieu Donne Derikoye Tita  Chef de Protocol  Ministere des Ressources Hydrauliques et Electricité  
Mr. Jean Diur Muland  Conseiller Principal  Cabinet Primature  
Ms. Chataigne Djuma Kiza  Membre  Réseau des Femmes d'Afrique Francophone pour l'Atteinte des Objectifs de Développement Durable - RFAF/ODD  Société Civile  
Mme Claudine Dumbi Suka  professeur  universite catholique  Université  
Mme Angela Ebeleke  Société Civile  
Mme Grace Ebonzo Lalou  Experte en Communication  Ministère des Mines de La RDC  Cellule Technique de Coordination et de Planification Minière  
Mr. Cedric Egwake Ya'ngembe  Économiste  Analyses Économiques  Banque Centrale du Congo  
Mr. Paul Valery Ehota Mulenda  COMIFAC-RDC  COMIFAC  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Bibich Ekodi Nguwa  Chargée de communication et média  Era Congo Société  
Mme Clarisse Elebe Ma Bilama  Ministère de l'Environnement et Developpement Durable  COMIFAC RDC  
Mr. Wilson Elongo Umba  Direction Générale de la Politique Monétaire et des Opérations Bancaires  Banque Centrale du Congo  
Mr. Ghislain Embusa Endole  Commission Nationale de Droit de l'Homme  
Mr. Jean-Claude Emene Elenga  Chargé de Mission  Agence Congolaise de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Mimie Engumba Iyeyi Mulongo  
Mr. Patrick Eshiba Kasemuana  Secrétaire Particulier  Urbanisme et Habitat  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire, Urbanisme et Habitat  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
Mr. Dadou Ethambe Ethambe  Chargé de Mission du Ministre  Ministère des Hydrocarbures de la RDC  
Mr. Victoire Eyobi Motamba  Secrétaire Particulier  ACTEDD  Présidence de la Republique  
Mr. Freddy Fazili Shabani Kimwanga  Protocole du Président de La République  Présidence de la République Démocratique du Congo  
M. Bruno Guay  Expert Projet Pilote  CAFI  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mme Clara Ilofo Kiwewo  Chargée d'Etudes  Primature  
Mr. Alain Ilunga Kitombolwe  Sénateur  Parlement de la RDC  Sénat  
Mr. Jonathan Ilunga Muledi  Professeur associé  universite de lubumbashi  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mr. Jean-Pierre Ilunga Ngwej  Coordinateur Provincial de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  Environnement et Développement Durable  Coordination Provinciale de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Ena Imelo Imelo  Conseillere du Gouverneure  Gouvernaorat  
Mr. Jean Marie Ingila Y'ongende  Directeur du Cabinet  Province de l'Equateur  
Mr. Joseph-Louis Isangamela Botuli  Directeur du Cabinet  Cabinet du Ministre de de l'Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Lingalo Issa Limbila  Employé d'Ambassade  Ministère des Affaires Etrangeres de la RD Congo  Ambassade de la RDC en Egypte  
Mr. Abraham Itshudu Ekumbaki  Chef de Bureau  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Ms. Petronelle Iyefa Mongo Wessa  conseillere  Ministère d'Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Nazir Kabangu Mukuna  Photographe  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministere de l'Environnement et ddu Développement Durable  
Mr. Camille Augustin Kabasele Dikangala  Directeur de l'Electricité  Ministère de l'Energie et Ressources Hydrauliques  
Mr. Albert Kabasele Yenga  Professeur  Laboratoire de Recherches Geographiques  Université Pédagogique Nationale  
Mr. Raphael Kabengele Medy  Consultant  Conseil Economique et Social- RDC  Conseil Economique et Social  
Mr. Victor Kabengele Wa Kidilu  Expert REDD  Fonds National REDD  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. Parfait Kabongo Didier  Expert  Ministre de l’Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. André Kabwe Bibombe  Secretaire Permanent Adjoint/Technique  Ministère des Ressources Hydrauliques et Électricité  Commission Nationale de l'Energie  
Mr. Vinny Kabwe Paul  Conseiller  Ministère de l'agriculture de la République Démocratique du Congo  
Mr. Joseph Kakonge wa Kakonge  Secrétaire  Primature  
Mme Lina Kalenga Shimbu  Université  
Mr. Willy Kambala Kalolo  Presse  Primature  
Mr. Obed Kambale Auhinga  Ministère de l'industrie de la RDC  
Mr. Dona Kampata Mbwelele  Ministère des Mines  
Mr. Rachidi Kamuanga Kaseshi  Traducteur  
Mr. Célé Kanangila Beya  Journaliste  Urbanisme et Habitat  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire, Urbanisme et Habitat  
Mr. Jean Marie Kanda Ntumba  Doyen  Faculte de Polytechnique  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mr. Arthur Kaniki Tshamala  Professeur  Faculté Polytechnique / Université de Lubumbashi  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mme Eveline Kapinga Baya  Chef des Projets Réseaux Coins Energies/KINSHASA  Primature  
Mr. Papy Kasongo Ohanu  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Anselme Kasuku Muzitu  Chargé de Missions Adjoint  Agence Congolaise de l'Environnement  
Mr. Patrick Katayi Ntite  Secrétaire de la Vice-Premiere Ministre  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
Mr. Jean Claude Katende Mukendi  Ministère du Plan de La RDC  ITIE Internationale  
Mme Charlotte Kathy Kayowa Mwamba  Experte  Ministere en Charge des Personnes Vivant avec Handicape et autres Personnes Vulnerables  
Mr. Honoré Katombe N'senga  Ministère des Affaires Etrangeres de la RD Congo  
Mr. Kamathe Katsongo  Coordonateur CDN  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mme Esperance Kavira Kahemu  Experte  Gouvernement Provincial  Ministère Provincial de l'Environnement  
Mme Consolee Kavira Semengo  Experte en Volet Energi  Gouvernement Provincial du Nord - Kivu  Ministère Provincial de l'Environnement  
Mr. Jean-Pierre Kayembe Kayembe Lobo  Coordonnateur Général  Halt Bank  
Mr. Jean Jacques Kayembe Mufwankolo  Coordonnateur National de l'Itie Rdc  Ministère des Mines de La RDC  ITIE Internationale  
Mr. Patrick Kayembe Nsumpi  Directeur Général  Institut National de Préparation Professionnelle  
Mr. Paul Kazaba Kaseya  Professeur Associe  Faculté des Sciences agronomiques  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mr. Nacky Kazinguvu Masudi  Conseiller en Charge du Developpement Durable  Gouvernorat Provincial de Lualaba  
Mme Tabitha Kelekele Lomboto  Experte  Ministere en Charge des Personnes Vivant avec Handicape et autres Personnes Vulnerables  
Mr. Jean-pierre Khonde Wa Masinga  Secrétaire Général  amenagement du territoire  Aménagement du Territoire  
Mme Jackie Kiamenga Vanguadio  Conseillère Premier Ministre  Primiture  
Mr. Ghogan-David Kibila  Adjoint Technique  Ministere du Travail  Ministère du Travail  
Mr. Rodrigue Kipimba Mafuta  Protocole du Ministre  Ministère de la Communication et Médias  
Mr. Emmanuel Kishiba Supuni  Assistant  Universite de Lubumbashi  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mr. Chris Konga Loanga  
Mr. Collin Kongawi Benge  Assistant  COMIFAC  Ministere de l'Environnement et ddu Développement Durable  
Mr. Georges Koshi Gimeya  Secrétaire Général au Développement Rural  Secrétariat Général  Ministere de Developpement Rural  
Mr. Michel Koyakpa Zuakondiri  Conseiller  Cabinet du Ministre de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Ms. Irène Kunda Kisenga  Senatrice  senat  Parlement  
Mr. Ali Kyamasa Willy  Depute Provincial  Gouvernment Provincial  Gouvernment Provincial  
Mr. Ursil Lelo-di-makangu  Ministre Provincial  Ministre Provincial de l'Environnement et Porte Parole du Gouvernement Provincial  
Mr. Steve Lemba Dieto  Directeur Instruction et Évaluation  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Papy Lemika Lubanda  Assistant du Cordonateur Adjoint  Présidence de la République Démocratique du Congo  Assistant du Coordonateur Adjoint Veille Stratégique  
Mr. Cezar Limbaya Mbangisa  Gouverneur de la Mongala  Gouvernement Provincial  
Mr. Francis Limbomba Makuma  Expert des questions environmentales  Ministère des Mines de la RDDC  Réseau National Femme et Climat du Congo  
Mr. Guy Loando Mboyo  Ministre de l'Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Andre Lobo Kwete  
Mr. Hans André Lohayo Djamba  Coordonnateur  Autorité Nationale Désignée pour le Fonds Vert Climat  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Patrick Lokata Ediho  Expert  Ministere Des Mines De La Rdc  Cellule Technique de Coordination et de Planification Minière  
Mr. Michel Lokonda Omatela Wa Kipifo  Professeur/Chercheur  Ifa-Yangambi / Inera - Yangambi  
Mme Gisele Lokossu Elody  Attachée de Presse  Ministère de l'agriculture de la République Démocratique du Congo  
Mr. Joseph Longunza Malassi  Conseiller  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
Mr. Olivier Lubamba Ntambwe  Directeur  Ministère du Travail  
Mme Rebecca Lukilonga luboko  Stagiaire  MEDD  Université  
Mme Goretti Lusamba Mbombo  Conseillere du Chef de l'Etat  Présidence de la République  Présidence de la Republique  
Mr. Christophe Lutundula Apala Pen’apala  Vice-Premier Ministre, Ministre des Affaires Etrangères  Gouvernement de la RDC  
Mr. Djos Luyeye Ndokolo  Secrétaire Particulier du Ministre  Ministère des Hydrocarbures de la RDC  
Mr. Jonas Lwalaba Wa Lwalaba  Professeur Associé  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mr. Jean-Claude Mabenze Gbey Benz  Gouverneur  Province du Sud-Ubangi  
Mr. Emery Madifuta Luzombi  Directeur de Cabinet  Ministere en Charge des Personnes Vivant avec Handicape et autres Personnes Vulnerables  
Mme Liliane Mafuta Maibach  
Mr. Yannick Makamizile Botela  Chargé d'etudes  Ministère de l'agriculture de la République Démocratique du Congo  
Mr. Franck Malale Ngoy  Conseiller  Ministère d'Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mme Marie Pascale Malanda  Conseillére chargée de la coopération internationale et des energies renouvelables  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. André Malangu Muabila  Directeur de Cabinet  urbanisme et climat des affaires  
Mr. Sebastien Malele Mbala  Directeur  Comifac  Ministère de l'Environnement, Conservation de la Nature et Développement Durable  
Mme Seraphine Maliyabuana Kyanza  Protocole d'Etat Adjointe  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Erick Mantuila Tadila  Chef de Département au Service Géologique National du Congo  Ministère des Mines de la RDC  Réseau National Femme et Climat du Congo  
Mme Maria Alice Manuel Miranda Maria Miranda  ECCAS Chairperson Administrative Assistant  Communauté Économique des Etats de l'Afrique Centrale  
Mr. Daniel Manunga Kabamika  Secrétaire du Cabinet Adjoint  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
Mme Astrid Martins Kabengele  Rapporteur Adjoint du Conseil Economique et Social / RDC  Conseil Economique et Social / RDC  
Mr. Henock Mashongo Kagombe  Chef de Protocole  Ministère du Développement Rural  
Mr. Boris Massa Gizebu  Formateur  Ministère du Travail  
Mr. Jean Freddy Masulisi Masulisi  Assistant de l'Intendant du Chef de l'Etat  Présidence de la République Démocratique du Congo  
Mr. Heritier Mazu Kasongo  Expert  Cellule Technique de Coordination de Planification Minière  Ministère des Mines  
Mr. Cedrick Mbalazamo Tonduangu  Chef Protocole  Ministere de l'Environnement et ddu Développement Durable  
Mr. Papy Mbalivoto  Présidence RDC pour le SBSTA  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Pascaline Mbangu Kikumbi  Directeur Chef de Service de la Direction d'Assainissemnt  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Veya Mbata Muvekiani  Cameraman  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  Cabinet du Vice-Premier Ministre, Ministre des Affaires Étrangères  
Mr. Bruno Mbaya Kabwika  conseiller  Ministere des Ressources Hydrauliques et Electricité  Ministère des Ressources Hydrauliques et Electricité  
Mme Florence Mbile Mbile  Assistante  
Mme Stéphanie Mbombo Muamba  
Mr. Olivier Mbonigaba Kamuzinzi  Cabinet du Ministre de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Jean desire Mbonzi Wa Mbonzi  Depute Provincial  Assemblée provinciale de Kinshasa  Assemblée Provinciale de Kinshasa  
Mme Fatou Mboup Fatou  CT  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Albert Mbumba Vandu Di Paka  Directeur de Cabinet  Ministère du Tourisme RDC  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
Mr. Aime Mbuyi Kalombo  Chef de Division des Changements Climatiques  Direction de Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Fidèle Mbuyi Kanyinda  Chargée d’Etudes Amont Pétrolier  Ministère des Hydrocarbures  
Mr. Nico Mbuyu Kasongo  Conseiller Principal du Premier Ministre  Primature  
Mr. Jean Pierre Pitchou Meniko To Hulu  Scientifique/Professeur  Institut Facultaire des Sciences Agronomiques de Yangambi  
Mr. Dieudonne Menzu Ngolo  Directeur  Ministère d'Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Albert Mfwamba Kadima  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  Direction de Développement Durable  
Mr. Jean Baptiste Mianza Kapit  Directeur de Cabinet de l'ACTEDD  Présidence de la Republique  
Mr. Laurence Michael Girling  Director of External Affairs  External Affairs  Global Center on Adaptation  
Mr. Rigobert Minani Bihuzo  Cenco  Société Civile  
Mr. Galal Mohamed Nour Ari  Union Africaine  
Mr. Justin Molima Wa Djemo  conseiller Juridique  Urbanisme et Habitat  
Mr. Didier Molisho Sadi  Sénateur  Sénat de la RDC  
Mr. Olivier Mondonge Bogado  Directeur  Bureau du Président de la République  
Mr. Ignace Monza Bonda  ministre  ministere provinciale de l'environnement du mai-ndombe  Ministere Provinciale de l'Environnement  
Mme Monique Motty Pamba  Global Climate Action  
Mr. Nsiala Tosi Mpanu Mpanu  Ambassadeur  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Steve Mpiana Disua Dia Mpasu  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. Heritier Mpiana Pierre  Directeur de Cabinet Adjoint  Cabinet du Ministre de l'environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Daddy Muata Nsuka  Attaché de Sécurité  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
M. François Mubilayi Kabeya  Chef de Bureau  Direction de Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement, Conservation de la Nature et Développement Durable  
Ms. Nala Mueller  Société Civile  
Mr. Idris Mufuka Kudiye  Conseiller technique  Institut National de Préparation Professionnelle/ DIRECTION GENERALE  Ministère du Travail  
Mme Aursilya Mufundji Mwansa  Conseillere en Charge de l'Environnement  Gouvernorat Provincial de Lualaba  
Mr. Clement Mufundji Tshinat Karl  Ministre de Provincial de L'Environnement et Développement Durable de Lualaba  Gouvernorat Provincial de Lualaba  
Mr. Henri Muhiya Musabate Kasenzi  CENCO  
Mme Maribé Mujinga Nsompo  Directeur de Contrôle et Vérification Interne  Ministère de l'Environnement, Conservation de la Nature et Développement Durable  
Mr. Jean Richard-Coeur de Lion Mukendi Kashita  
Mr. Remy Mukongo Shabantu  Chargé de l'Economie Forestière et Gestion Durable des Forêts à la Commission Economique des Etats de l'Afrique Centrale (CEEAC)  la Commission Economique des Etats de l'Afrique Centrale (CEEAC)  
Mr. Leon Mulimbi Ngoy  Senior Climate and Development Officer  Climate and Development  Ambassade des Pays-Bas  
Mr. Michel Mulongo Kasongo  Dircaba  
Mr. Emmanuel Musuyi Mukadi  Chef de Division Relations Publiques Presse Protocole et Communication  Secteur Privé  
Mme Ginette Muteta Nzau Kamuanya  Directeur de Cabinet Adjoint  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. Patrick Muyaya Katembwe  Ministre et Porte-Parole du Gouvernement RDC  Gouvernement RDC  
Ms. Liliane Muzangi Mbela  Deuxième Conseille  Ambassade de la RDC en Egypte  Ministere des Affaires Etrangeres de la RDC  
Mr. Raphael Mwange Kalima Nkoma  Membre du Conseil Economique et Social / RDC  Conseil Economique et Social / RDC  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
M. Julhy N'sele Zinga  Parsec Vice-Ministre  Ministère des Finances  
Mme Nafi Nafisa Masudi  Secretaire administratif  Projet GIRE  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
M. Serge Ndala Ndumbi  Expert  Présidence RDC pour le SBSTA  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
M. Godefroid Ndaukila Muhinya  Directeur-Chef de Service  Direction de Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Jean Willy Ndoko Magangu  Attaché de Bureau  Direction de Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Didier Ngalamalume Mutangilayi  Secretaire administratif  Ambassade de la RD Congo en Egypte  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Patience Ngelintoko Mpia  doyen de faculte de science  universite pedagogique nationale  Université  
Mr. Cédric Ngindu Biduaya  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Germain Ngoie Tshibambe  Enseignant/Chercheur et Directeur de Cabinet de Mr le Recteur  Universite de lubumbashi  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mme Pierre Ngoma Pibu Pezo  Expert du Cabinet  Ministère du Tourisme  
Mr. René Ngongo Mateso  Rapporteur  Conseil Economique et Social / RDC  
Mr. José Ngoto Babenea  Juridical Advisor  Senate  
Mr. Mylor Ngoy Shutcha  Professeur Ordinaire, Doyen  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mr. Pascal Ngwangu Ngwankasi  Conseiller  Ministère d'Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Joseph Ngwangwa Onobaiso  Chef de Chefferie  Gouvernorat de la Tshopo  
Mme Madeleine Nikomba Sabangu  Gouverneure de Province  Province de la Tshopo  
Mr. Chico Nkondi landu  Informaticien  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministere de l'Environnement et ddu Développement Durable  
Mr. Francky Nkonko Kiabambe  Chief of Division  Senate  
Mr. Gilbert Nkuli Yen Yengani  De la Province Du Mai-Ndombe  Gouvernement Provincial  
Mr. Philippe Nsambo Ilunga Kinangi  Chef de Protocole  Primature  
Mme Urielle Nsenda Urielle  Stagiaire  MEDD  Université  
Mr. Gretta Nsiamundele Ndombo  Experte en Communication  Ministère des Mines de La RDC  
Mme Sylvie Ntazambi Bizitu  Directeur Général SONAHYDROC  
Mr. Jean-Claude Ntela Kiama  Chef de Bureau l'Administration du Sénat  Sénat de la RDC  Secrétaire Général du Sénat de la RDC  
Mr. Teddy Ntendayi Ntumbabo  Directeur  Centre pour l'Information Environnemental  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Thaddée Ntumba Tshimanga  Enquêteur  Direction des Etablissements Humains et Protection de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement  
Mr. Constant Nyabongoma Mohelo  Informaticien  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  Ministere de l'Environnement et ddu Développement Durable  
Mr. Lucien Nyembo Kimuni  Directeur  Université de Lubumbashi  
Mme Stella Nyota Mambamvu Bukasa  experte  CSN  Presidency  
Mr. Junior Nzaliko Kpatego  Coordonnateur en Charge des Investissements et Projets  Cabinet du Gouverneur  Ministere Provinciale de l'Environnement  
Mr. Patrick Okitayela Sholongo  Expert  Fonds Vert  Ministère de l'Environnement, Conservation de la Nature et Développement Durable  
Mr. Clément Olangue Bolange  Expert  Bureau du Président de la République  
Mr. Expedy Omari Sokoni  Charge de Mission Adjoint  Fonds d'Intervention pour l'Environnement  
Mr. Jeffrey Onganga Vladimir  Union Africaine  
Mme Carine Oniemba Amanvo  chargee de mission  Ministère d'Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Democratic Republic of the Congo (continued) 
Ms. Ketsia Passou Onema  
Mr. Roger Pembe Coco  Député Provincial  Province de Mai-Ndombe  
Mme Tatiana Pembe Luemba  Députée Nationale  Assemblée nationale de la RDC  
Ms. Céline Pembele Mamunguya  Director  Direction d'Horticulture et Reboisement  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mr. Jean Eric Phemba Mombo  Comptable Public Principal  Cabinet du Vice-Premier Ministre  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Francois Rubota Masumbuko  Ministre  Développement Rural  
Ms. Emmanuelle Saile Singa  COMIFAC  Experts en Charge des Projets  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Unni Beate Sekkesaeter  director  greenpower  Norwegian Green Power Congo SA  
Mme Rosette Siboko Damali  Expert Chef de Service  Agence Nationale d'Électrification  
Mr. René Siwe Ngamabou  Central Africa Regional Technical  US Forest Service International Programs  
Mme Judith Julie Suminwa Kebo  Coodonnatrice adjoint  Présidence de la république  Présidence de la Republique  
Mr. Emedo Tchyombe Mut-Samutamu  Expert  Ministere en Charge des Personnes Vivant avec Handicape et Autres Personnes Vulnerables  Cabinet du Ministre  
Mr. Flavien Tepatondele Bisa  Attaché de Presse  Ministère d'Aménagement du Territoire  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire  
Mr. Bertrand Tessa Ngankam  Conseiller Technique Regional  PNUD  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mme Natasha Thomas Ilse Rothbucher  expert en credit carbone  Societe  Société  
Mme Grace Marie France Tshiapakatshi Tshiala  Protocole  Ministere en Charge des Personnes Vivant avec Handicape et autres Personnes Vulnerables  
Mme Julie Tshilombo Kasa-Kanga  Coordonnatrice Adjointe  Presidence  
Mr. Yannick Tshimbela Nzanowa  Membre  Urbanisme et Habitat  Ministère de l'Aménagement du Territoire, Urbanisme et Habitat  
Mr. Fimpa Tuwizana Twison  Expert  Présidence de la République Démocratique du Congo  
Mme Joyce Visi Bobesse  Chercheuse Doctorante  Toulouse Business School  University  
Mr. Patrick Vualu Ibula Mambenga  Ministère de l'Environnement et Durable Développement de la RDC  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mme Ingrid Vuza Mawete  Expert  Ministere en Charge des Personnes Vivant avec Handicape et Autres Personnes Vulnerables  Cabinet  
Mr. Bob Yala Matondo  Chargé d'Etudes  Ministère en Charge des PVH and APV  
Mme Marie-Thérèse Maya Yamate Ogala  Attachée de Presse  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Royka Ye Espe Dieng  Representante Adjoint au Programme  Programme des Nations Unies pour le Développement  
Mr. Mabolia Yenga  
Mme Anita Zeta Bamanyisa  Senatrice  Senat  Commission Environnement, Tourisme, Ressources Naturelles et Développement durable  
Denmark 
H.E. Mr. Dan Jørgensen  Minister  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Maria Samuelsen  Chief Negotiator  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Mr. Tomas Anker Christensen  Climate Ambassador of Denmark  Department for Green Diplomacy and Climate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Christian Stenberg Jensen  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Mr. Svend Olling  Ambassador  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Mr. Asser Rasmussen Berling  Head of Department  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Denmark (continued) 
Mr. Erik Rasmussen  Special Advisor  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Hanne Jersild  Chief Advisor  Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Mr. Jeppe Mathias Helsted  Chief Advisor  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Mr. Simon Wandel-Petersen  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Mr. David Andersen Thing  Advisor  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Josefine Duer  Advisor  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Emilie Frederikke Mariendal  Advisor  International Department  Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Signe Köllner Christensen  Advisor  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Cecilie Buhl Hansen  Advisor  Department of International Climate and Energy  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Louise Haugaard Malling  Private Secretary to the Minister  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Anita Valentin  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Rebecca Holck Rosenberg  Intern  Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities  
Mr. Kristoffer Böttzauw  Director General  Danish Energy Agency  
Mr. Ulrik Eversbusch  Director  Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Ms. Tilde Hellsten  Director  Centre for Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Mr. Ole Emmik Sørensen  Director  Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Ms. Signe Graakjær Staal  Deputy Director  Centre For Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Ms. Aisma Vitina  Chief Advisor  Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Mr. Helge Rosenberg  Team Leader, Egyptian-Danish SSC  Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Mr. Jens Hein  Head of China Cooperation  Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Mr. Nadeem Niwaz  Country Manager  Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Ms. Joann Caloz  Advisor  Centre for Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Mr. Kristian Mehl  Advisor  Danish Energy Agency  
Ms. Marie Bredkjær Thomsen  Advisor  Centre for Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Ms. Jie Xu  Advisor  Centre for Global Cooperation  Danish Energy Agency  
Ms. Tina Christensen  Scientific Adviser  Danish Meteorological Institute  
Mr. Mads Dalum Libergren  Senior Advisor  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Esben Bak Larsen  Special Advisor  entre for Climate, Green Economy and EU  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Jesper Svejgaard Jensen  Special advisor  Centre for Climate, Environment and the EU  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Karin Poulsen  Head of Department  Department for Green Diplomacy and Climate,  Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Elsebeth Søndergaard Krone  Head of department  Green diplomacy and climate  Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Adam Sparre Spliid  Deputy Head of Department  Department for Green Diplomacy and Climate  Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Holger Kirkholm Nielsen  Special Representative for Denmark’s candidature to the UN Security Council  Department for Multilateral Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jens Fugl  Chief Advisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Frode Neergaard  Chief Adviser  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Lærke Marie Lund Petersen  Head of Section  Department of Green Diplomacy and Climate  the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark  
Denmark (continued) 
Ms. Ada Türkben Pontoppidan Thyssen  Head of section  Department for Multilateral Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Nana Hein Winter  Head of Section  Department for Green Diplomacy and Climate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Lis Kortermann Heller  Special Advisor  Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Mr. Sune Kirkegaard Rotne  Special Advisor  Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Ms. Rikke Wetter Olufsen  Deputy Director General  Board of Directors  Danish Maritime Authority  
Mr. Andreas Møller Iversen  Head of Section  Office for Climate and Green Transition  Danish Maritime Authority  
Mr. Jens Hesseldahl  Chief legal advisor  Departement of Energy  Government of Greenland  
Ms. Avijâja Susan Kleist Jepsen  Special Advisor  Department of Climate  Government of Greenland  
Ms. Anni á Hædd  Legal adviser  Ministry of Environment, Industry and Trade  
Mr. Sigurð í Jákupsstovu  Director  Faroese Environment Agency  
Ms. Sigga Jacobsen  Head of Department  Protection  Faroese Environment Agency  
Ms. Maria Gunnleivsdóttir Hansen  Environmental advisor  Faroese Environment Agency  
Ms. Jóna Olavsdóttir  Coordinator  Protection  Faroese Environment Agency  
Ms. Nadia Gullestrup Christensen  Youth Delegate to the UN  The Danish Youth Council  
Mr. Marcus Taulborg  UN Youth Delegate Denmark  The Danish Youth Council  
Ms. Sara Birgitte Gottfredsen  Deputy Head of Mission  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Ms. Ahlam Elbagoury  Personal Assistant to the Ambassador  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Ms. Dorte Zaalouk  Public Diplomacy, Culture and Communications, Advisor  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Mr. Kamil Kuninski  Energy Counsellor  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Mr. Mohamed Farouk Radwan  Strategic Sector Cooperation (SSC), Advisor  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Mr. Kristian Petri Petersen  Intern, Energy  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Ms. Hanzada Adel Farid  Head of Trade Council Egypt  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Ms. Julie Sophie Kristiansen  Political Officer  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Ms. Mariam Mecky  Political Officer  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Ms. Cecilia Marie Randbæk Pedersen  Intern, Political Section  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Mr. Mohamed Gabril Elshrief  Junior Commercial Officer  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Ms. Julie Agersnap Kristensen  Udvalgssekretær  Folketinget  
Mr. Mathias Mæhle  Udvalgssekretær  Folketinget  
Mr. Ole-Kenneth Nielsen  Special Advisor  National Environmental Research Institute  Aarhus University  
Mr. Jesper Hilsted Andersen  Chief Consultant, Lead specialist in Development Finance  Department for Green Diplomacy and Climate  the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark  
Mr. Jake Badger  Head of Section  Department of Wind Energy and Energy Systems  Technical University of Denmark  
Mr. Kamil Kuinski  Energy Counsellor  Embassy of Denmark in Egypt  
Mr. Adrian Lema  Director, Climate Dep.  Danish Meteorological Institute  
Djibouti 
H.E. Mr. Ilyas Moussa Dawaleh  Ministre de l'Economie et des Finances  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
S.E. M. Yonis Ali Guedi  Ministre de l'Energie  Ministère de l'Energie  
H.E. Mr. Ismail Omar Guelleh  Président de la République  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Abdoulkader Moussa  Minister  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
H.E. Mr. Mahamoud Ali Youssouf  Ministre des Affaires Etrangères  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Dini Abdallah Omar  Secretary General  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Djibouti (continued) 
Mr. Guelleh Idriss Omar  Directeur des Relations Multilatérales  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Ahmed Ali Mohamed  Directeur de la Communication  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
M. Abdoulkader Oudoum Abdallah  Conseiller Technique et Spécialiste des Changements Climatiques du Ministre de l'Habitat, de l'Urbanisme et de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Mohamed Gona Abdallah  Sous-Directeur du changement climatique  Direction de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Moumin Ismaël Abdillahi  Conseiller Technique du Ministre  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Arteh Abdourahim Abdillahi  Fonctionnaire  Ministère de la Communication  
Mr. Abdourahman Galal Abdourahman  Conseiller au Protocole d'Etat du MAECI  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Abdourahman Saleban Ali  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Reeyeh Omar Ali  Opérateur  Ministère de la Communication  
Mr. Ali-Garde Adou Ali  Président de l'Association Caravane de Développement  Association de formation et d'appui au développement)  
Mr. Idris Abdou Ali  Ambassadeur de Djibouti auprès du FIDA  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Ali Mohamed Ali  Directeur du Financement Extérieur  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Ms. Hamda Abdallah Amin  Ingénieure Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Abdo Mohamed Amine  Association des Jeunes de Djibouti  
Mr. Ahmed Ali Barreh  Ambassadeur de Djibouti en Egypte  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Samir Aden Cheikh  Conseiller Technique  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Ms. Awo Abdi Daher  Fonctionnaire  Ministère de la Communication  
M. Mahdi Ismail Darar  Sous-Directeur du Financement Extérieur  Direction du Financement Extérieur  Ministère des Finances  
Mr. Mohamed Darar Dirir  Conseiller Financier en Egyote  Ambassade de Djibouti au Caire  
Mr. Mohamed Ali Djama  Directeur du Protocole d'Etat  Protocole d'Etat  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Robleh Abdillahi Djama  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Doualeh Ahmed Doualeh  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Samod Ahmed Doualeh  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Islam Soubere Farah  Association des Jeunes de Djibouti  
Mr. Abdoul_Fatah Daher Farah  Fonctionnaire  Ministère de la Communication  
Mr. Aboubaker Mohamed Halloyta  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Abdo-Razak Omar Hassan  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Mohamed Omar Hassan  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Mohamed Ibrahim Houssein  Conseiller au Protocole d'Etat du Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Abdallah Barkat Ibrahim  Député  Assemblée nationale de Djibouti  
Ms. Ilwad Idris Iltireh  Association des Jeunes de Djibouti  
Ms. Nasro Ahmed Mohamed  Chef de Service Juridique  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Moussa Hanfare Moussa  Aide de camp du Président de la République  Présidence de la République de Djibouti  
Mr. Idriss Ismael Nour  Sous-Directeur des Pollutions  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Ali Waiss Obsieh  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Ahmed Djama Youssouf  Conseiller au Protocole d Etat  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Dominica 
Mr. Edgar Hunter  Dominica's UNFCCC Focal Point  Environment  Ministry of Environment, Rural Modernisation and Kalinago Upliftment  
Dominica (continued) 
Mr. Minchinton Burton  Director  Forestry, Wildlife and Parks  Ministry of Environment, Rural Modernisation and Kalinago Upliftment  
Ms. Kimara Lisana Dyer  AOSIS Fellow  Permanent Mission of the Commonwealth of Dominica to the United Nations  Alliance of Small Island States  
H.E. Ms. Francine Hon. Baron  Ambassador  Climate Resilience Executing Agency for Dominica  
Mr. Michael Fitzgerald Savarin  Green Climate Fund National Program Coordinator  Ministry of Economic planning, Resilience and Sustainable Development, Telecommunications and Broadcasting  Government of Dominica  
Ms. Kimisha Thomas  Senior Policy Adviser  Ministry of Environment, Rural Modernisation and Kalinago Upliftment  Government of Dominica  
Ms. Emily Wilkinson  Dr Emily Wilkinson  Overseas Development Institute  
Dominican Republic 
Mr. Miguel Ceara Hatton  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Milagros Marina De Camps German  Deputy Minister  Climate Change and International Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Maximiliano Rabelais Puig Miller  Executive Vicepresident  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y MDL  Presidencia de la República Dominicana  
H.E. Mr. Limber Lucas Cruz Lopez  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Rafael Hipolito Mejia Dominguez  Former President of the Dominican Republic  Presidency of the Dominican Republic  
Ms. Nathalie Flores Gonzalez  Director for Climate Change, Adaptation and Mitigation  Vice Ministry for Climate Change and Sustainability  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Sra. Sara Victoria Gonzalez  International Relations Advisor  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
Mr. Alan Louis Ramirez Risk  Technical Director  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climatico y MDL  Presidencia de la República Dominicana  
Mr. Rafael Antonio Ortiz Quezada  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Agriculture  
Sr. Hugo Manuel Abreu Gonzalez  Coordinator  Office of the Minister  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Ian Nicolas Abud  Consultor Técnico  Asesoría de la Gobernación  Banco Central  
Sra. Luz Delina Alcantara Aquino  Head of Mitigation Department  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República Dominicana  
Sra. Rosa Gladys Billini LampeleDe Franco  Directora de Intercambios Académicos  Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo  
Sra. Solhanlle Ernestina Bonilla Duarte  Directora  Investigacion  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Carola Amelia Caba Viñas  Tecnico en Divulgacion de Transparencia Climatica  
Ms. Claudia Caballero Gonzalez  
Sra. Sandra Milena Cadavid Gomez  Special Guest  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Sra. Massiel Estefania Cairo Castillo  Analista de Adaptación  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República  
Mr. Pierre Nicolas Candelon  
Mr. Otoniel Carela Martinez  
Mr. Eusebio Castro Salcedo  
Mr. Pedro Antonio Coss Sanz  
Sr. Victor Rafael de Jesus Vinas Nicolas  Asesor de Financiamiento Climático  Viceministerio Cooperación Internacional  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Oskarina Domke  
Sra. Fabia Rosalía Duval Marmolejos  Head of Adaptation Department  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y MDL  Presidencia de la República Dominicana  
Mr. Jose Carlos Fernandez Ortiz  Asesor de Gobernanza y MRV  Dirección Técnica  Consejo Consultivo de Cambio Climático  
Dominican Republic (continued) 
Mr. Rodrigo Fincheira Paliza  Interinstitutional Relations Advisor  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y MDL  Presidencia de la República Dominicana  
Sra. Carol Franco  Asesora  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Harolenne Virginia Gomez Perez  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Pedro Julio de Jesus Goico Guerrero  
Sr. Mario Francisco Grullón Damián  Director  Risk Management Policy  Presidencia de la República Dominicana  
Sr. Federico Alfredo Grullón de la Cruz  Head of Transparency  Dirección Técnica  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Mr. Oscar Alejandro Guedez Sequera  Head of Communications  Communications Division  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Sra. Katia Beatriz Gutierrez Balbuena  Directora  Direccion de Comunicaciones  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Ms. Melissa Maria Guzman Bencosme  
Mr. Dario Geraldo Kelly de los Santos  Legal Avisor  Despacho de Vicepresidencia  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Mr. Juan Mancebo  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Gabriela Carolina Marquez Gonzalez  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Maria Laura Martinez Bisono  
Mr. Hubert Louis Michel Mathieu Martinie García  Executive Assistant  International Relations  National Council on Climate Change  
Ms. Sofia Mejia Cadavid  Special Guest  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático  
Mr. Domingo Alberto Melenciano Aquino  Encargado de Cambio Climático  Dirección de Ciencia, Tecnología y Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Ramon Cirpian Moya Tavares  Director de Planificación y Desarrollo  Dirección de Planificación y Desarrollo  Comisión Nacional de Energía  
Sra. Jahndery de Jesus Muñoz Gil  Head of Projects Department  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  Presidencia de la República Dominicana  
Ms. Janibel Munoz Torres  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Ana Sofia del Pilar Ovalle Osorio  NDC Adaptation Advisor  Adaptation Department  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Mr. Iván Relova Delgado  Asesor Senior NDC Mitigación  Dirección Técnica  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Sr. Delio Antonio Rincón Ozuna  Especialista Sectorial  Dirección de Gestión de Riesgo y Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Economía, Planificación y Desarrollo  
Mr. Andy Rafael Rodriguez Duran  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Camila Minerva Rodríguez Tavárez  Director  Risk Management  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Sra. Jafys Zudaire Tejada Bonilla  Encargada de Relaciones Internacionales e Interintitucionales  Comisión Nacional de Energía  
Sr. Eddy Frank Vasquez Sanchez  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Sra. Faride Virginia Raful Soriano  Senadora por el Distrito Nacional  Senado de la República Dominicana  
Mr. Jair Roissy Urriola Quiroz  Secretario Ejecutivo  Comisión Centroamericana de Ambiente y Desarrollo  
Mr. Raul Ernesto Artiga Colato  Comisión Centroamericana de Ambiente y Desarrollo  
Sra. Kathleen Teresa Martínez Berry  Ministra Consejera  Embajada de la República Dominicana en Egipto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Gandhi Ricardo Montoya Blandon  Comisión Centroamericana de Ambiente y Desarrollo  
Sra. Otilia Ramos de Rivera  Comisión Centroamericana de Ambiente y Desarrollo  
Ecuador 
H.E. Mr. Gustavo Rafael Manrique Miranda  Minister of Environment, Water and Ecological Transition  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Karina Maribel Barrera Moncayo  UnderSecretary for Climate Change  UnderSecretariat for Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Walter Schuldt  Director of Environmental and Sustainable Development Affairs  Directorate of Environmental and Sustainable Development Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Human Mobility  
Mr. Jose Luis Naula Naula  Director of International Cooperation  Directorate of International Cooperation  Ministry of Environment, Water and Ecological Transition  
Ms. Tatiana Paola Paredes Valdivieso  Directora de Riesgos y Aseguramiento Agropecuario  Dirección de Riesgos y Aseguramiento Agropecuario  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Ms. Marcela Victoria Baquerizo Coello  Chief of Cabinet  Cabinet of the Minister of Environment, Water and Ecological Transition  Ministry of Environment, Water and Ecological Transition  
Ms. María Fernanda Rumbea Cavezas  Directora de Ambiente y Preservacion de Areas Verdes  Municipio de Guayaquil  
Sr. Carlos Nicolás Zambrano Sánchez  Specialist on Climate Change Adaptation  UnderSecretariat for Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Water and Ecological Transition  
Mr. Paul Alexander Melo Pérez  Specialist on Climate Change Mitigation  UnderSecretariat for Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Water and Ecological Transition  
Sra. Rosa Ana González Benítez  Specialist on Climate Change Adaptation  Directorate of Climate Change Adaptation  Ministry of Environment, Water and Ecological Transition  
Ms. Gabriela Vargas  Specialist in Climate Change Policies  Ministry of Environment, Water and Ecological Transition  
Ms. Karina Patricia Salinas Heredia  Specialist in Climate Change Adaptation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Water and Ecological Transition  
Sr. Andrés Eduardo Mogro Zambrano  Coordinator  Iniciativa Andes Resilientes al Cambio Climático  
Mr. Diego Alonso Tituaña Matango  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Human Mobility  
Mr. Patrick Georges Dykmans Holm  CEO, Lead Consultant - External Adviser to the Minister of Environment  PDH Strategisk  
Ms. Yanina del Rocío Macías Del Valle  Administrative and Finance General Coordinator  Government of the Province of Manabí  Government of the Province of Manabi  
Mr. Roberto Antonio Barquet Castro  Coordinador de Despacho  Municipalidad de Guayaquil  
Ms. Mayra Lorena Brito Cuzco  Directora  CONAGOPARE  
Mr. Juan Pablo Encalada Ortega  Director Nacional de Coordinación Territorial y Enlace Ciudadano  CONAGOPARE  
Ms. Maria Gabriela Fernandez Gavilanes  Encargada de Negocios A.I.  Embajada del Ecuador en Egipto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores y Movilidad Humana  
Mr. Ahmed Khalifa Kobessy Mohamed  Funcionario de la Embajada del Ecuador en Egipto  Embajada del Ecuador en Egipto  
Egypt 
H.E. Mr. Abdelfattah Alsisi President of the Arab Republic of Egypt Presidency of the Republic  
H.E. Mr. Hanafy Gebaly  Speaker of the Egyptian House of Representatives  Egyptian Parliament  
H.E. Mr. Mostafa Madbouly  Prime Minister of Egypt  
H.E. Mr. Sameh Shoukry  Minister of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Yassmin Fouad Abdelaziz  Minister of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Shaker Elmarkabi  Minister of Electricity & Renewable Energy  
H.E. Mr. Tarek El Molla  Minister  Ministry of Petroleum  
H.E. Mr. Khaled AbdelGhaffar  Minister of Health and Population  
H.E. Ms. Hala Elsaid Younes  Minister  Planning & Economic Development  
Egypt (continued) 
H.E. Ms. Rania Abdulmonem Mohamed Al-Mashat  Minister of International Cooperation  Ministry of International Cooperation  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Maait  Minister  Ministry of Finance  
H.E. Mr. Amr Talaat  Minister of Communications and Information Technology  MCIT  
H.E. Mr. Ashraf Hussein  Minister of Youth and Sports  Ministry of Youth and Sports  
H.E. Mr. Assem El Gazzar  Minister  Ministry of Housing, Utilities, and Urban Communities  
H.E. Mr. Kamel Abdelhady Elwazer  Minister of Transport  Ministry of Transport  
H.E. Ms. Nivine Alkabbag  Minister of Social Solidarity  Ministry of Social Solidarity  
H.E. Mr. Elsayed Elkosayar  Minister of Agriculture & Land Reclamation  Ministery of Agriculture & Land Reclamation  
H.E. Mr. Hesham Amna  Minister of Local Development  Ministry of Local Development  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Abbas Mohamed  Minister of Civil Aviation  Ministry of Civil Aviation  
H.E. Mr. Reda Hegazy  Minister of Education and Technical Education  Ministry of education and technical education  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Ayman Ashour  Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research  Ministry of Higher Education  
Ms. Soha Gendi  Minister of State of Emigration and Egyptian Expatriates' Affairs  Ministry of State for Emigration and Egyptian Expatriates' Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Hani Sewilam  Minister of Water Resources and Irrigation  Ministry of Water Resources and Irrigation  
H.E. Ms. Nevien Elkilany  Minister of Culture  Ministry of Culture  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Aly  Minister of Trade and Industry  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Eissa  Minister of Tourism and Antiquities  Ministry of Tourism, Wildlife and Antiquities  
H.E. Ms. Maya Soliman  President of the National Council for Women  National Council for Women  
Mr. Hassan Elsayed Hassan Abdalla  Charge d'Affaires of Governor of the Central Bank of Egypt  Central Bank of Egypt  
H.E. Mr. Khalid Foda  Governer of South Sinai  Government of Egypt  
H.E. Mr. Ashraf Attia Ali  Governor of Aswan  
H.E. Mr. Wael Aboul Magd  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hussein Zein  President of the National Media Authority  National Media Authority  
Mr. Mohamed Nasr Salem  Minister Plenipotentiary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sherif Ibrahim  Focal Point of UNFCCC,  Climate Change Central Department  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
H.E. Mr. Achraf Ibrahim Ahmed Ibrahim  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ali Saad Hamid Ali Abosena  CEO EEAA  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Nabil Habashi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Ihab Ahmed  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Alaa Hegazy  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Mahmoud Afifi  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Nehad Ebdelatif  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohamed Elatawy  Deputy Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Hani Nagi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Abu Zeid  the Official Speaker of MoFA  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ayman Abdel Aziz  Minister Plenipotentiary  Environment and Sustainable Development Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Baher El Shewekhi  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohamed Azmy  Minister Plenipotentiary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohamed ElGammal  Minister Plenipotentiary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ashraf Farouk Elsayed Bayoumy  
Ms. Mirande Goubran  Counsellor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Rania AbdelMegied  Counsellor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Mona Elbahtimy  Counsellor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Egypt (continued) 
Ms. Shahinda Hassan  Counsellor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Khaled Hussien  second secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Bassiouny  first secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Amr Essameldin Ahmed  First Secretary  
Mr. Wael Eldahshan  First Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Samir Abdelrashid Elsadek Mahmoudi  First Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Amr Nouh  First Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sherif Dawoud  First Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Nassar  first secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hussein Roshdy  Second Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Aboulgheit  Second Secretary  
Mr. Mohamed ElGindy  Second Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Samaa Mostafa  second. secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Osama Ebeid  Third Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Randa Eldieb  Third Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sara Elkhouly  Diplomatic Attache  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Salah  Diplomatic Attache  
Ms. Mennatullah Abdelsalam  Diplomatic Attache  
Ms. Nourhan Gamal Ahmed Badran  Diplomatic Attache  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mustafa Gamal Khalil Isak  Diplomatic Attache  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohamed Abdallah  Diplomatic Attache  Ministry of Foriegn Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Safwat Ahmed  Diplomatic Attache  Ministry of Foriegn Affairs  
Mr. Omar El-Arini  Egypt's Representative in the Transitional Committee Responsible for the Operationalization of the Green Fund  
Ms. Mariam Allam  Adaptation Committee Member  AGN  
Ms. Noha Ellabban  Counsellor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Maria Zaki  MOFA  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tamer Abogharara  Advisor to the Minister of Environment for International Relations  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Hoda Elshawadfy  Assistant to the Minister  
Ms. Soha Taher Ramadan  General Manager  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Mr. Ibrahim Allam  Advisor to the minister  PA's  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ayman Abdelhamid Eltanbouly  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Hamdy Abdelhalim  Director of Climate Change Information Department  Climate Change Centeral Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Amr Abdelaziz Ramadan  Advisor to Minister  
Mr. Raouf Saad  Advisor to the minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Wael Keshk  Director  Mitigation and Clean Development Mechanism GM  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Ms. Omniah Hegazy  Adaptation Technical Officer  COP27 Unit  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Mr. Amr Ali  Mitigation Dept., Director  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Dalia Eldesouky  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohamed Eissawy  Assistant to the Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Tarek Mohamed Elaraby  CEO of Waste Management Regulatory Agency  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohamed Abdelmonem  Climate vulnerability Dept., Director.  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Ms. Lydia Elewa  General Manager  Researches and Technology General Department  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Mr. Mohammed Elewa  Project manager  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Nagwa Mohamed Elkarawy  Advisor to the Minister of Environment for Waste Management  Ministry of Environment  
Egypt (continued) 
Ms. Esraa Ibrahim  Director of Climate Change Research Department  Climate Change Central Department  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Ms. Heba Maatouk  Head of Media Center  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Karim Mohamed  Minister Advisor  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Beriksam Mohamed  Minister Office  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Rana ALaa Mostafa  Adaptation and Mitigation Officer  Cop27 Unit  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Nader Nabil Naguib  Director of Technical Department  Climate Change Central Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ayman Refaie  Head of Carbon Credit Dept.  Climate Change Central Department  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Menatalla Samir Ahmed  
Ms. Dalia Sakr  Civil Engineer  
Ms. Yasmeen Salam  Assistant Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Tarek Shalaby  Adaptation and Vulnerability GM  Climate Change Central Department  Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency  
Mr. Amr Mohamed Sobhy  Environmental Expert  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ahmed Tawfek  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Osama Saad  Secretary General of the Cabinet of Ministers  Cabinet of Ministers  
Mr. Nader Saad  Spokesman of the Cabinet of Ministers  
Ms. Randa El Menshawy  Frist Assistant to the Prime Minister  
Ms. Gihan Saleh  Economic Advisor to the Prime Minister  
Mr. Hany Younis  Media advisor to the Prime Minister  
Mr. Ahmed Samir Hassan Elsafty  
Mr. Mohammad Fahmy Abdelalim Ramadan  
Mr. Ahmed Kouchouk  Vice Minister  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Nesreen Mohamed Elkanadeely  Manager  Environment  Ministry of Petroleum  
Mr. Mohamed Mohamed Abdelmonem Hussein Mohamed  Department Manager  Ministry of Petroleum  
Mr. Ahmed Abdrabo Mohamed Aboulenien  Assistant Chief  Ministry of Petroleum  
Ms. Tahany Mostafa Selit  Head of Department  Ministry of Water Resources and Irrigation  
Ms. Eman Soliman  Head of Planing Sector  MWRI  
Ms. Amira Elsayed Ahmed Amin  Head of Central Department Carbon Offset  Egyptair Holding Company  
Mr. Ahmed Mohamed Mohina  Assistant Deputy Minister  Ministry of Electricity and Renewable Energy  
Mr. Osama Aly Asran  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Electricity & renewable Energy  
Mr. Amgad Mohamed Said  Legal Advisor for the Minister  Ministry of Electricity & renewable Energy  
Mr. Ismaail Yehia Ali Elsawy  Senior Engineer  Egypt Electricity Holding Company  
Mr. Saad Mohamed Ahmed  Ministry of Agriculture and Land Reclamation  
Ms. Fagr Abdelgawad  Professor  National Research Center  
Mr. Ashraf Hamed Shaalan  President National Research Center  National Research Center  
Mr. Ahmed Kamal Elsayed  Executive Director  
Mr. Moustafa Ezzelarab Abdelrashid  Ministry of Youth and Sports  
Mr. Ahmed Kamaly  Vice Minister  Ministry of Planning  
Ms. Mona Hassan Kotb Mohamed  Head of Central Department  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Mahmoud Mohieldin  Climate Champion  
Ms. Soha Ismail  Climate Champion Team  
Ms. Yasmin Kamel  Climate Champion Team  
Ms. Omnia Elomrani  
Ms. Randa Mahmoud Hamza Mohamed Mohamed  Assistant Minister  Ministry of International Cooperation  
Mr. Mohamed Abdel Gawad El Sayed Ahmed Allam Allam  Head of Central Department  Ministry of International Cooperation  
Mr. Rami Ahmed Aboulnaga  Deputy Governor C B E  Central Bank of Egypt  
Egypt (continued) 
Mr. Montasser Fathy Ahmed Mousa  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Mr. Mohamed Osama Atia Ramadan  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Mr. Ahmed Saada  Ministry of Social Solidarity  
Mr. Mahmoud Mohamed Sakr  President Academy of Scientific Research  Academy of Scientific Research and Technology  
Mme Ghada Shalaby  Vice Minister of Tourism and Antiquities  Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities  
Mr. Ahmed Abdelfattah Elsayed  
Ms. Sara Elessawy  D.A  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
El Salvador 
Mr. Fernando Andrés López Larreynaga  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Enrique Jose Arturo Parada Rivas  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Mr. Ruben Salvador Alemán Chavez  Presidente ANDA  Administración Nacional de Acueductos y Alcantarillados  
Ms. Camila Maria Aleman Espinoza  Communications Manager ANDA  Administración Nacional de Acueductos y Alcantarillados  
Mr. Jose Guillermo Almendariz Carias  Coordinator of International Cooperation  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Luis Alonso Amaya Durán  General Directorate of Civil Protection, Disaster Prevention and Mitigation  
Mr. Miguel Angel Arvelo  Presidential Advisor  
Mr. Jose Enrique Cabrera Avelar  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Ms. Eva Maria Colorado Panameño  Director of International Cooperation and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Vanessa Eunice Guerrero Lopez  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Ricardo Alexander Hernandez Campos  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Mr. Carlos Andres Schonenberg Llach  General Director of Environmental Evaluation and Compliance  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Equatorial Guinea 
Sra. Francisca Eneme Efua  Ministra de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Miniaterio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Mr. José Esono Micha Akeng  Embajador de G.E. en El Cairo  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores y Cooperación  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Mr. Gabriel Ngua Ayecaba  Director General de Medio Ambiente  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Pablo Esono Esono Nchama  PFN de Cambio Climático Adjunto  Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Medio Ambiente de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sra. Estefanía-Isabel Nguema Andeme  Técnico  Mº de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Mr. José Nsue Ndong Nzang  PFN CMNUCC  Dirección General de Conservación de Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Fortunato Eneme Efua  Técnico  Mº de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Mr. Alejandro Evuna Mba  Tercer Secretario de la Ebajada de G.E. en El Cairo  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores y Cooperación  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Raul Ivan Alfaro Pelico  Investigador  Lancaster University  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Mr. Fobissie Blese Kalame  Occupation (10)  
Mr. José Antonio Masa Angono  Técnico  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sra. Consolación Natividad Bindang Mba Mikue  Técnico  Delegación Regional de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Ilidio Mebulo Mohete  Ingeniero  Agencia Nacional de Desarrollo de Guinea Ecuatorial  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Demetrio Bokuma Meñe  Experto  Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Equatorial Guinea (continued) 
Sr. Raúl Divino Ngomo Eneme  Técnico  Mº de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Pedro Malavo Nsene  Técnico  Ministerio de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Sr. Antonio Micha Ondo Angue  Director INCOMA  Mº de Agricultura, Ganadería, Bosques y Medio Ambiente  Gobierno de Guinea Ecuatorial  
Eritrea 
H.E. Mr. Tesfai Ghebreselassie Sebhatu  Minister  Ministry of Land, Water and Environment  
Mr. Fassil Ghebreslassie Tekle  Ambassador  Embassy of the State of Eritrea in Egypt  
Mr. Kibrom Asmerom Weldegebriel  Acting Director General  Department of Environment  Ministry of Land, Water and Environment  
Mr. Hafez Ahmed Mohamed Abdelrahman  Driver  Embassy of the State of Eritrea in Cairo  
Ms. Terhas Hagos  Consultant  Nature Tropical  NGO  
Mr. Aman Saleh Hassano  Director  Environment  Ministry of Land, Water and Environment  
Estonia 
H.E. Mr. Madis Kallas  Minister of the Environment of the Republic of Estonia  
Ms. Reet Ulm  Adviser  Climate Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Imre Banyasz  Chief Specialist  Climate Deparment  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Kädi Ristkok  Head of Department  Climate Department  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Kaja Ainsalu  Senior officer  Department of International Affairs  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Annela Anger-Kraavi  Expert  
Ms. Marina Bantšenko  Department of International Affairs  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Hanna-Lii Kupri  Adviser  Climate Department  Estonian Environmental Research Centre  
Ms. Hanah Lahe  Climate Youth Representative  
Ms. Kersti Liivorg  Partnership Coordinator  Environmental Investments Centre  
Mr. Arko Olesk  Science Adviser to the President of Estonia  
Ms. Cris-Tiina Pärn  Adviser  Estonian Environmental Research Institute  
Ms. Helen Sulg  Head of Chamber of Development and Partnership  Environmental Investments Centre  
Ms. Kaja Tael  Ambassador at Large for Climate and Energy Policy  
Eswatini 
Ms. Khangeziwe Glory Mabuza  Principal Secretary  
H.E. Mr. Cleopas Dlamini  Prime Minister  Government of Eswatini  
Mr. Moses M. Vilakati  Minister  Ministry of Tourism and Environmental Affairs  Government  
Ms. Thulisile Dladla  Minister for Foreign Affairs  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Khetsiwe Khumalo  Climatologist  Eswatini Meteorological Services  
Ms. Duduzile Nhlengethwa Masina  Director Meteorology  Meteorological Service  Ministry of Tourism and Environmental Affairs  
Mr. Eric S. Seyama  Climate Scientist  National Disaster Management Agency  Government of Eswatini  
Ms. Sibongile Folarin  Economist  Ministry of Economic Planning and Development  
Mr. Sifiso Gabriel Mamba  Chief Economist  Ministry of Economic Planning and Development  
Mr. Bongani Harmon Magongo  
Mr. Siphelele Welcome Dludlu  
Mr. Vusie Eric Magagula  
Ms. Nolwazi Mkhonta  
Ms. Thembie Remona Zwane  
Mr. Wilfred Nxumalo  Forestry  Ministry of Tourism and Environmental Affairs  
Ethiopia 
H.E. Mr. Abiy Ahmed Ali  Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Ms. Fitsum Assefa Adela  Minister  The Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia  
H.E. Mr. Habtamu Itefa Geleta  Minister  Ministry of Water and Energy  
H.E. Mr. Redwan Hussein Rameto  Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Nemera Gebeyehu Mamo  State Minister  Ministry of Planning and Development  
Mr. Abas Mohammed Ali  CEO  Ministry of Planning and Development  
H.E. Mr. Seleshi Bekele Awulachew  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Fesseha Shawel Gebre  Africa affairs Director General  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Mamo Esmelealem Mihretu  State Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Tesfaye Yilma Sabo  State Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Getahun Garedew Wodaje  Director-General  Environmental Protection Authority  
Mr. Tofik Meded Abalulu  Chief Protocol - Security  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Mifta Shifa Abamilki  Protocol - Security  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Mulugeta Bekele Adlo  Protocol - Security  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Betre Mengistu Birhanu  Protocol  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Wario Miesso Megersa  Protocol - Security  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Muluneh Gebremariam Hedeto  Senior Advisor and National Climate Change Negotiator  Environmental Protection Authority  
H.E. Mr. Hailemariam Dessalegn Boshe  
Mr. Negus Lemma Gebre  Director General  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Mensur Dessie Nuri  Director  Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Ethiopian Environmental Protection Authority  
Mr. Muhyadin Abdi Hussein  
Mr. Tesfahun Alemneh Yismaw  
Mr. Abera Worku Zeleke  
Mr. Taye Dugassa Birra  
Mr. Abdurahman Abdella Adem  
Mr. Fitsumbrhan Tsegaye Beyene  Ministry of Transport and Logistics  
Mr. Dereje Likissa Beyene  
Mr. Adefires Worku Gizaw  Forest Sector Transformation Unit  
Mr. Kibruyesfa sisay Ejigu  
Ms. Sintayehu Demissie Admasu  Director  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Asrat Gebremariam Woldesenbet  
Mr. Berhanu Assefa Seyoum  Director, Environment and Climate Change Coordination Directorate  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Daniel Damtew Anchiso  
Mr. Samson Emeru Kefyalew  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Addisu Negash Melkie  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Yonas Getahun Assefa  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Zerihun Getu Mekuria  CRGE Facility Coordinator  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Sisay Sinamo Boltena  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Abdurehman Jemal Nurlign  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hassen Ebrahim Mussa  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Yeshiwork Assefa Ejigu  Ethiopian Environment Protection Authority  
H.E. Mr. Mohammedrafie Abaraya Ababulgu  State Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Keyru Abamoga Abagaro  
Mr. Mahamedawel Zenu Abdalaa  
Mr. Seifudin Mehadi Abdulkerim  General Director  
Mr. Amanuel Muluneh Abebe  
Mr. Abera Endeshaw Abebe  
Mr. Addisu Adinew Adanike  
Mr. Eyerusalem Desalegn Alemu  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ayele Hegena Anabo  Ethiopian Environment Protection Authority  
Mr. Tesfaye Abate Aragaw  
Ms. Yamelakesira Tamene Bekele  Director, Technology Transfer and Technical Support Directorate  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Abiyot Dagne Belay  
Mr. Habtamu Kebede Debalo  
Ms. Gelane Lemesa Deresa  
Mr. Benti Firdissa Dugassa  Director  National MRV System Directorate  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Shitaye Yumura Dukaka  
Mr. Sendaba Jaleta Edosa  
Ethiopia (continued) 
Mr. Gebru Jember Endalew  Program Coordinator  Global Green Growth Institute  
Mr. Dejene Tolosa Eshete  
Mr. Ararsa Regassa Fayissa  Deputy Director General  Oromia Forest and Wildlife Enterprise  
Mr. Mohammed Andoshe Faynet  Director, Climate Change Planning Implementation and Verification Coordination Directorate  Environment, Forest and Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Abrham Woldemichael Gebremariam  
Mr. Binyam Yakob Gebreyes  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Bona Yadessa Gemeda  
Mr. Besufekad Bedhasa Hirpho  
Mr. Rameto Shafi Jemal  
Mr. Asmamaw ayenew Kassa  
Mr. Girum Mamo Kidane  
Mr. Demise Shumi Maru  
Mr. Addisu Alemayehu Melese  
Mr. Hussen Ababiya Mero  
Mr. Getachew Hailegiorgis Motuma  
H.E. Mr. Workneh Gebeyehu Negewo  
Mr. Binyam Fantahun Sendeku  
Mr. Abalte Ayele Shanko  
Mr. Mubarek Abas Soboka  
Ms. Aster Tadesse Tabeto  
Ms. Bezawit Tolosa Tefera  
Mr. Walelegn Girma Terfa  
Mr. Tamiru Gedefa Wami  
Mr. Tsega Temesgen Wubetu  
Mr. Tesfaye Gashaw Yeshanew  Environmental Quality Authority  
Mr. Yared Abera Deme  World Resources Institute  
Ms. Mahlet Eyassu Melkie  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Charra Tesfaye Terfassa  
European Union 
H.E. Mr. Charles Michel  President  European Council  
H.E. Ms. Ursula von der Leyen  President  European Commission  
H.E. Mr. Frans Timmermans  Executive Vice-president  European Green Deal and Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Janusz Wojciechowski  Commissioner  Agriculture  European Commission  
Ms. Kadri Simson  Commissioner  Energy  European Commission  
Mr. Virginijus Sinkevicius  Commissioner  Environment, Oceans and Fisheries  European Commission  
Mr. Christian Berger  Head of Delegation - Ambassador  EU Delegation in Cairo  
Ms. Clara de la Torre  Acting Director General  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Jacob Werksman  Head of Delegation - Lead Negotiator  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Diana Acconcia  Director  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Dimitrios Zevgolis  Deputy Head of Delegation  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Cristina Carreiras  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Frédéric Bernard  Head of Cabinet and Sherpa  Cabinet Michel  European Council  
Mr. Bjoern Seibert  Head of Cabinet  Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Mr. Peter Liese  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Bas Eickhout  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Jessica Polfjärd  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Seán Kelly  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Mohammed Chahim  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Francisco Javier López Fernández  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Delara Burkhardt  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Nils Torvalds  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Morten Helveg Petersen  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Jan Michael Bloss  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
European Union (continued) 
Mr. Danilo Oscar Lancini  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Alexandr Vondra  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Petros Kokkalis  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Ms. Lídia Pereira  Member of the European Parliament  European Parliament  
Mr. Peter Schmidt  NAT Section President  European Economic and Social Committee  
Ms. Isabel Caño Aguilar  Vice-president SDO  European Economic and Social Committee  
Ms. Sophia Katarina Wiegand  Youth representative  European Economic and Social Committee  
Mr. Lutz Ribbe  European Economic and Social Committee  
Ms. Neža Repanšek  Member  European Economic and Social Committee  
Ms. Sandra Parthie  Member  European Economic and Social Committee  
Ms. Maria Schouten  Member  European Committee of the Regions  
Mr. Vincent Chauvet  Member  European Committee of the Regions  
Mr. Rafal Trzaskowski  Member, European Committee of the Regions  
Ms. Alison Gilliland  Dublin City Councillor  Member  European Committee of the Regions  
Mr. Olgierd Geblewicz  Member  European Committee of the Regions  
Mr. Marc Vanheukelen  Hors Classe Advisor for Climate Diplomacy  European Union External Action Service  
Mr. Peter Javorcik  Director-General  General Secretariat of the Council  Council of the European Union  
Mr. Joost Korte  Director-General  DG for Employment, Social Affairs and Inclusion  European Commission  
Ms. Ditte Juul-Joergensen  Director General  DG Energy  European Commission  
Ms. Florika Fink-Hooijer  Director-General  DG Environment  European Commission  
Mr. Gerassimos Thomas  Director-General  Taxation and Customs Union  European Commission  
Mr. Hans Bruyninckx  Executive Director  European Environment Agency  
Mr. Diederik Samsom  Head of Cabinet  Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
Mr. Maciej Golubiewski  Head of Cabinet  Cabinet Wojciechowski  European Commission  
Mr. Stefano Grassi  Head of Cabinet  Cabinet Simson  European Commission  
Mr. Tobias Krause  Deputy Head of Delegation  EU Delegation in Cairo  
Mr. Simon Mordue  Chief Foreign Policy Advisor  Cabinet Michel  European Council  
Mr. Barend Leyts  Spokesperson  Cabinet Michel  European Council  
Ms. Piia Mathisen  Advisor  Cabinet Michel  European Council  
Mr. Jurek Kuczkiewicz  Strategic Senior Advisor for Communications and Media  Cabinet Michel  European Council  
Mr. Brian Kerstetter  Communications Advisor  Cabinet Michel  European Council  
Ms. Anja Türkan  Communications Advisor  Cabinet Michel  European Council  
Mr. Jens Alexander Flosdorff  Executive Communication Adviser  Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Mr. Kurt Vandenberghe  Member of Cabinet  Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Mr. Fernando Andresen Guimarães  Diplomatic Adviser  Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Mr. Peter Van Kemseke  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Martina Lodrant  Policy Coordinator  Cabinet von der Leyen  European Commission  
Mr. Anthony Agotha  Senior Diplomatic Expert  Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
Ms. Damyana Stoynova-Pai  Member of Cabinet  Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
European Union (continued) 
Ms. Jori Keijsper  Communication Advisor  Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
Ms. Estela Pineiro Kruik  Member of Cabinet  Cabinet Timmermans  European Commission  
Mr. Kamil Ochmanski  Policy Adviser  Cabinet Wojciechowski  European Commission  
Ms. Annikky Lamp  Member of Cabinet - Communication Advisor  Cabinet Simson  European Commission  
Ms. Luke Haasbeek  Cabinet Expert  Cabinet Sinkevicius  European Commission  
Mr. Egidijus Jurgelionis  Policy Assistant  Cabinet Sinkevicius  European Commission  
Ms. Cristina Lobillo Borrero  Director  DG Energy  European Commission  
Ms. Carla Montesi  Director  DG for International Partnerships  European Commission  
Mr. Herald Ruijters  Director  DG Mobility and Transport  European Commission  
Mr. Eric Mamer  Spokesperson  DG Communication  European Commission  
Mr. Tim McPhie  Spokesperson  DG Communication  European Commission  
Ms. Sarah Blau  Head of Secretariat  European Parliament  
Mr. Jacob Vries  Official  Council of the European Union  
Mr. Paolo Caridi  Head of Unit  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Anna Iwona Strzaska  Head of Division  Green Transition  European Union External Action Service  
Ms. Silvia Cannalire  Official  European Parliament  
Mr. Nicolas Dorgeret  Official  European Parliament  
Ms. Christina Malmros  Administrator  European Parliament  
Ms. Charlotte du Rietz  Press Officer  European Parliament  
Mr. Thomas Haahr  Press Officer  European Parliament  
Ms. Sophie Planchon  Assistant  European Parliament  
Mr. Philippe Lefébure  Official  Council of the European Union  
Mr. Christofer Ahlgren  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Liva Andersone  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Alastair Bealby  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Stella Brozek Everaert  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Florian Claeys  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Silvia Crescimbeni  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Ricardo Fernandez  Project Manager  Climate Change Mitigation and Energy  European Environment Agency  
Mr. Nicolas Galudec  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Nicola Di Pietrantonio  Official  DG for International Partnerships  European Commission  
Mr. Martin Hession  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Narcis Paulin Jeler  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Magdalena Józwicka-Olsen  Official  Climate Energy and Transport  European Environment Agency  
Mr. Olivier Juvyns  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Katre Kets  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Rosita Roxanne Lake  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Apollonia Miola  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Xavier Seront  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
European Union (continued) 
Mr. Herwig Ranner  Official  DG Agriculture and Rural Development  European Commission  
Mr. Zoltán Rakonczay  Official  DG Research and Innovation  European Commission  
Ms. Giuliana Torta  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Daniel Waterschoot  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Wouter Wormgoor  Policy Officer  Green Transition  European Union External Action Service  
Ms. Ilona Billaux-Koman  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Marie Bondu  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Samuele Fischetti  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Daredjane Greiner  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Natacha Leclef  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Mr. Rishi Kumar  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Eleonore Buffet  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Ms. Sophie Rohrl  Official  DG Climate Action  European Commission  
Fiji 
H.E. Mr. Satyendra Prasad  Ambassador  Permanent Representative to the United Nations  Fijain Government  
Mr. Kushaal Raj  Head of Climate Change and International Cooperation  Climate Change and International Cooperation  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Daniel Jerome Lund  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Izhaar Ali  Ocean Officer  Climate Change and International Cooperation  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Terry Rofino Atalifo  
Ms. Irene Roshika Chand  
Mr. Prashant Chandra  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Katherine-Anne Cooke  
Mr. Ravneeth Kumar Dewan  Climate Change and International Cooperation  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Ratabua Gabriel Selema Jacob Mara  
Ms. Lebaiatelaite N.W.M.K Gaunavinaka  
Ms. Jiva Genevieve Geetanjali  
Mr. Leo Sebastian Horgan  
Mr. Shelveen Kumar  
Ms. Reshmi Kumari  
Mr. Prelish Veron Lal  Climate Change and International Cooperation  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Anna-Marie Laura  Director Climate Policy  Ocean Conservancy  
Mr. Sivendra Michael  
Mr. Tekini Gusuivalu Nakidakida  
Mr. Vineil Narayan  Acting Head  Climate Change and International Cooperation  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Mereani Nata  
Ms. Namisha Nikita  Ministry of Economy  
Mr. Bipendra Prakash  
Mr. Krishan Pratap  
Mr. Ratu Filimone Ramarama Rabaleisolevu Tuivanualevu Ralogaivau  Climate Change and International Cooperation  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Mere Dileko Ravugatini  Climate Change and International Cooperation  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Ranjila Singh  
Mr. Vinay Singh  
Mr. Ruiming Song  
Finland 
Ms. Sanna Marin  
Ms. Maria Ohisalo  
Ms. Hanna Sarkkinen  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Finland  
Ms. Outi Honkatukia  Environment Counsellor  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Marjo Nummelin  Chief Negotiator for Climate Change  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Saana Ahonen  Senior Adviser  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Päivi Antikainen  Director of Unit  Ministry of Transport and Communications  
Mr. Lars-Anders Baer  
Finland (continued) 
Ms. Emma Fransman  Executive Assistant  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Sami Heikkinen  
Ms. Lotta Heikkonen  Chief Specialist  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Ms. Tuuli Hietaniemi  Specialist  Finnish Innovation Fund  
Mr. Turo Hjerppe  Senior specialist  
Ms. Tiina Huvio  Executive Director  Food and Forest Development Finland  
Mr. Anssi Kainulainen  Energy Specialist  Central Union of Agricultural Producers and Forest Owners (MTK)  
Mr. Tuomo Kalliokoski  Ministerial Adviser  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Jari-Pekka Kammonen  Close Protection Officer  
Ms. Emma Kari  
Ms. Roosa Käsmä  Specialist  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Kai Kirjavainen  
Ms. Mai Kivelä  
Mr. Pekka Kosonen  Counsellor, Unit for EU's Trade Policy and Economic Relations  Department for External Relations  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Maija Kuivalainen  Youth Climate Delegate  Finnish National Youth Council Allianssi  
Mr. Kaarle Kupiainen  Ministerial Adviser  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Riikka Lamminmäki  Haad of Communications  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Terhi Lehtonen  State Secretary  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Anna Merrifield  
Ms. Jenni Mikkola  Second Secretary  
Mr. Pekka Morén  Special Representative of the Finance Minister  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Bernt Nordman  Climate Policy Officer  WWF - Finland  
Mr. Markku Ollikainen  Professor, Chair of the Finnish Climate Change Panel  University of Helsinki  
Mr. Matias Partanen  
Mr. Janne Peljo  Chief Policy Adviser  Confederation of Finnish Industries - EK  
Ms. Laura Peuraniemi  Legal Officer  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Johanna Pietikäinen  Program Officer  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Hannele Pokka  University of Helsinki  
Ms. Piia Rekilä  Head of Societal affairs  
Mr. Akseli Rouvari  
Ms. Emilia Runeberg  Climate policy advisor  Finnish Development NGOs - Fingo  
Ms. Anna Salminen  Chief Specialist  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Jiri Sironen  Special Adviser  
Ms. Kerstin Stendahl  
Mr. Kimmo Tähkäpää  
Ms. Sara Tolonen  Financial Specialist  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Johanna Vanhatalo  Specialist, EU Affairs  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Lauri Voionmaa  
Mr. Timo Voipio  
Ms. Saija Vuola  Ministerial Adviser  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Jan Wahlberg  Ambassador for Climate Change  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Riikka Yliluoma  Special Adviser to the Minister  Ministry of the Environment  
France 
S.E. M. Emmanuel Macron  Président de la République Française  Elysée  
Mme Catherine Colonna  Ministre de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Agnès Pannier-runacher  Ministre de la Transition Energétique  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Christophe Béchu  Ministre de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  
Mme Bérangère Couilllard  Secrétaire d'Etat à l'Ecologie  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  
Mme Chrysoula Zacharopoulou  Secrétaire d'Etat Chargée du Développement, de la Francophonie et des Partenariats Internationaux  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Stéphane Crouzat  Ambassadeur climat  MTE / MEAE  
France (continued) 
Mme Yolla Abou-haidar  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Jeanne Accorsini  
M. Ashok Adiceam  
M. Alexandre Allonneau  Présidence de la République  
M. Lionel Audibert  Télévision française 1  
Mr. Jérôme Auroux  
Mme Nathalie Badetz  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Monique Barbut  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Marc Barety  Ambassadeur  Ambassade de France Egypte  
Mme Christelle Baronnet  Elysée  
Mme Anna Beaubatie  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mme Morgane Bernet  
Mr. Kévin Besancon  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
M. Carlos Bilongo  
Mme Anais Boitiere  
Mme Patricia Bon-Gloro  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Emmanuel Bonne  Présidence de la République  
Mme Amandine Bonnet  Présidence de la République  
M. Sylvain Bontems  
Mme Mathilde Bord-Laurans  Agence Française de Développement  
Mme Jeanne Bosc Bierne  Ministères Transition Écologique Cohésion Des Territoires Mer  
Mme Marjorie Bouchard  
Mme Kenneth Bourienne  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  
M. Mathieu Boutonnet  
M. Eric Brun-Barriere  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Damien Carles  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mme Daniela Cerdeira Da Silva  Interprète  
M. Oussama Chaabane  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Christophe Chan Kwoc Keung  
M. Florent Charles  
Mr. Philippe Cherabier  
Mme Léna Chinchio  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Thomas Christoux  Présidence de la République  
M. Stephane Cieniewski  Ministère de l'economie, des finances et de l'industrie  
M. Patrice Clémencet  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Michaël Cnigniet  
Mme Séverine Constant  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  
M. Sergio Corella Martinez  Interprete  
Ms. Béatrice Coroenne  
Mr. Antoine Cosson  
M. Drice Courville  
Mme Charlotte Cristofari  Agence Française de Développement  
M. Sadoulet David  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Philippe Depredurand  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mme Valérie Dermaux  Ministère de l'Agriculture et de l'Alimentation  
M. Thibault Devanlay  
M. Boubacar Dijbo Almoustapha  
Mr. Yue Dong  Acting Head of Climate Change unit  Directorate for European and International Action  Ministry for the Energy Transition  
M. Jean-Christophe Donnellier  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  DG trésor  
Mr. Pierre Dubouchet  
Mr. Philippe Dunkel  Interprète  
Mme Clarisse Durand  Deputy Head of the Climate Change Unit  International Action Department  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Patrick Durel  Présidence de la République  
Mme Sandrine Dury  Ministère de l'Agriculture et de la Souveraineté Alimentaire  
Mme Suzanne Erdman-Martin  accompagnatrice Marc-Antoine MARTIN  
M. Benoît Faraco  Présidence de la République  
M. Ahmed Fathy  
M. Daniel Fernando Tamayo  Interprete  
M. Brice Fodda  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Philippe Franc  Directeur du Protocole d’Etat et des évènements diplomatiques  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Lucie Gatineau  
M. Corentin Gentil  Ministry of Tourism and Environment  
France (continued) 
M. Alexandre Gerberon  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  
Mme Mounia Gicquel  Ambassade de France Egypte  
M. Olivier Ginon  Délégation Présidentielle  
M. Franck Gobillard  Présidence de la République  
M. Pierre Henri Guignard  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Christophe Guilhou  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Arthur Guillot  
Mr. Romain Guizard  
Mr. Joel Hamann  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  
M. Emmanuel Hornez  
M. Frédéric Hurez  
M. Etienne Invernizzi  
M. Anthony Jans  Présidence de la République  
Mme Arlande Joerger  
M. Nicolas Jolivald  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Jean Jouzel  President  Commissariat à l'Energie Atomique  
Mme Magdalena Kempa  Interprète  
M. Habib Khadraoui  Ministère de l'Agriculture et de la Souveraineté Alimentaire  
Mr. Grzegorz Kozlowski  Interpreter  
Mme Loreleï Lankester  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mme Marine Lannoy  DG trésor  
M. Clément Latarche  Présidence de la République  
M. Alex Lavaud  Présidence de la République  
M. Cédric Lavisse  Présidence de la République  
Mme Camille Leboeuf  DG trésor  
Mme Daphné Lecellier  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mme Sylvie Lemmet  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Mathilde Limbergere  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Arthur Liminana  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  
Mme Amélie Lougsami  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Lucas Malortigue  
M. Ghislain Mariette  Présidence de la République  
M. Marc-Antoine Martin  
M. Michaël Mastier  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Ms. Daphne McRae  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique et de la Cohésion des Territoires  
M. Julien Menard  
Mme Estelle Mercier  Agence Française de Développement  
Mme Lidya Merrouche  
Mme Sarah Mesure  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mme Lydia Meyer  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Frederic Michel  
M. Sébastien Michenet  Présidence de la République  
M. Antoine Michon  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Charles-Henri Monerris  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Anne-Charlotte Montin  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Tamarah Moutotekema Boussamba  
Mr. Renaud Muselier  Président  Regional Council of Provence Alpes Cote d'Azur PACA  
M. Thibaut Nancy  Ministère de l'Agriculture et de la Souveraineté Alimentaire  
Mme Prescillia Nazaret  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Pierre Nguyen-Ba  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Stéphane Nièche  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Gabriel Normand  Ministère de la Transition Energétique  
Mr. Michel Oldenburg  
M. Raphaël Olivier  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mr. Fabrice Ozouf  
M. Stéphane Pailler  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Jean-Philippe Para  Présidence de la République  
M. Barets Paul-Bertrand  Ministère de l'Ecologie, du Développement Durable et de l'Energie  
Mr. Simon Pelletier  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
France (continued) 
M. Pierre Perraud  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Jean-Christophe Perrochon  Présidence de la République  
Mme Céline Phillips  Agence de l'Environnement et de la Maîtrise de l'Energie  
M. Steeve Piraux  
M. Olivier Poivre d'Arvor  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Barbara Pompili  Assemblée Nationale  
M. Guillaume Pottier  
Mme Julie Prigent  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Frank Pruvost  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Paul Quentin  Ministère de la Transition Energétique  
M. Lohann Ratajczyk  Interprète  French Delegation  
M. Sébastien Raynal  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mme Oriane Regnier  Présidence de la République  
M. Rémy Rioux  Agence Française de Développement  
M. Jean-Philippe Rolland  Présidence de la République  
Mme Louise Rousseau  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Paul Salvaire  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Thomas Samuel  
Mr. Tomas Santos  
Mr. Benjamin Sayag  
M. Frederic Schafferer  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Paul Schilling  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Ericka Schnepf  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
M. Josué Serres  
M. Alexandre Siavy  Présidence de la République  
Mme Siham Soulaimani  
Mr. Mohib Tanios  
Mme Camillle Thiebaut  Ambassade de France en Egypte  
Mr. Mickaël Thiery  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mme Ophelie Tirard  DICOM  Ministère de la Transition Ecologique  
Mr. Xavier Treton  Ministère de la Transition Energétique  
Mme Alexandra Troyano-Groux  
Mme Laurence Tubiana  European Climate Foundation  
Mr. Jourdain Vaillant  Ministère de l'Europe et des Affaires Etrangères  
Mme Anaïs Valance  Ministère de l'Agriculture  
Mr. Brice Vezin  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Mme Clémence Vidal de la Blache  Agence Française de Développement  
Gabon 
H.E. Mr. Ali Bongo Ondimba  President of the Republic, Head of State  
S.E. Mme Edith Ekiri Mounombi  Ministre du Budget et des Comptes Publics  
Mr. Tanguy Guillaume Gahouma-Bekale  Special Advisor to the Gabonese President -Permanent Secretary of the National Climate Council  Gabonese Presidency -National Climate Council  Presidency of the Gabonese Republic  
H.E. Mr. Michel Menga M'Essone  Ministre de la Décentralisation, de la Cohésion et du Développement des Territoires  
S.E. M. Michael Moussa Adamo  Ministre des Affaires Etrangères  
H.E. Mr. Charles Mve Ellah  Ministre de l'Agriculture et de l'Alimentation  
S.E. M. Franck Joseph Nguéma  Ministre de la Culture, des Sports, chargé de la Jeunesse et de la Vie Associative  
H.E. Mr. Guy-Roger Nze  Ambassador  
H.E. Mr. Jean Yves Teale  Secretary General of the Presidency of the Republic  Presidency  
H.E. Mr. Lee James Taylor White  Minister  Ministère des Eaux et Forêt de la Mer de l'Environnement chargé du Plan Climat et du Plan d'Affectation des Terres  Gouvernement de la République Gabonaise  
M. Jessye Morgan Ella Ekogha  Conseiller Spécial du Président de la République, Porte Parole de la Présidence de la République  Presidency  
Mr. François Epouta  
Mr. Saliou Mohamed Ali  Directeur de cabinet Adjoint du Président de la République  
Mr. Oyame Evouna  
Mr. Edouard Yves Moukagny Kombila  Protocole  
Mr. Djipala Moukiama Alex Davy  Conseiller du Président de la République  
Gabon (continued) 
Mr. Serge Patrick Gnoan Amissah  
Mme Ndeye Anguilet Mbodj  
Mr. Wilfried Antsaraga Okoua  Aide de camp  
Mr. Kenny Jennifer Borolakima  Security  
M. Lewis Boukinda Ngosi  
Mr. Mohamed Boumechoui  Security  
Mme Linda Amandine Maggy Bourdettes Betoe  
M. Michel Auguste Busamba  
Ms. Connie J. Clark  LEDs Expert  Climate Council  
Mr. Akim Mohamed Alfred Daouda  Administrateur Directeur Général du Fonds Gabonais d'Investissements Stratégiques (FGIS)  
M. Bonaventure Ekouari  Officier Adjoint de Protection Rapprochée  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Aristoth Fred Emana-Ngandjia  Security  
Mr. Emy-Stin Essie Mankaraga  
Mme Aurelie, Eloise Germain ep. Darse  Medecin  
M. David Theo Ignaszewski  Présidence de la République  PRESSE PRESIDENTIELLE  
Mr. Marc Anthony Ikiti  Security  
Mme Aïcha Aloïsia Iningoue Vendryes  
Mme Elsa Carole Izere  
Mme Zita Kay Kassa Wilks  Advisor to the Gabonese President -National Climate Council  Gabonese Presidency-National Climate Council  
Mme Guilaine Kedjino Omanda  Conseiller en Communication  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts, de la Mer, de l'Environnement Chargé du Plan Climat et du Plan d'Affectation des Terres  
Mme Myriam Kourakou-Obouono  Conseiller Diplomatique du Ministre des Affaires Etrangères  Présidence de la République du Gabon  
Mr. Young Woong Kwon  Security  
M. Gulde Paterne Laboulou  
Ms. Embinga Linsey, Simone, Pauline, Ekoungou  
Mr. Aunel Lurick Loumba  
M. Mbuanga Marc Mapangou Moucani  Aide de Camp  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministère des Eaux et Forêts, de la Mer, de l'Environnement Chargé du Plan Climat et du Plan d'Affectation des Terres  
Mme Herllyca-Charleine Mapenda-Ngossio ep Ndong  
Mme Naike gersende Julia Mba Ndong Ndalagui  Protocole  
Mr. Lionnel Ricky Memini Ondo  Chargé de mission of the President  National Climate Council  Presidency of the Gabonese Republic  
Mr. Jean Minko  
M. Gerard Aime Mistoul Ntchorere  
Mr. Stanislas Stephen Mouba Olouna  Director General of Environment and Nature Protection  Directorate General for the Environment and Nature Protection  Ministry of the Environment and Climate Action  
M. Pascal Emery Mouloungui Sougou  
Mme Estefania Moundounga Bastante  Advisor to the Gabonese President  Presidency -State Protocol  
M. Armand Moupende Djengha  
M. Ghislain Moussavou Moussavou  Directeur Général de la Forêt  
M. François Mpari  Sécurité  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Greg-Jeffrey Mpiga-Kouna  
Mr. Louis Frédéric Ndong Assa  
Mr. Janvier Kevin Ndong Nzogho  
Ms. Aline Ndzila  Communication  
Mme Titienne-Drocilia Ngouba-Mboumba  
Mme Widricia Nkieleayiga  Secrétaire Particulière du Président de la République  
Mr. Cyrien Maxime Nkoussou Opapa  Security  
Mr. Jean Augustin Nzengui  
Mr. Farrel Nzigou Boucka  Head of the Public Policy Monitoring and Evaluation Department  Minister for the Digital Economy  Gabonese Agency for Space Studies and Observations  
Mr. Joachim Obiang Mba  
Mr. Rodolphe Obiang Obame  Aide de Camp  
Mme Ounaida Odzaga Onkanowa  Conseiller Diplomatique du Ministre des Eaux, des Forêts, de l'Environnement, chargé du Plan Climat  
Mme Alvina Boex Okome Mbega ép. Owono Essono  
Ms. Claudia-Stella Ondo  
Mr. Thiefene Eston Ondouma  Security  
Mr. Hilarion One  
Mr. Davy Onomori Mboumba  Advisor to the President of the Republic, Deputy Permanent Secretary  National Climate Council  Presidency of the Gabonese Republic  
Mr. Videgla Max Auguste Oussou  Directeur Général de l'Agriculture  
Gabon (continued) 
Mme Diane-Carole Oyabi-Mbourou Ep Mougondji Mougondji  
Mr. Jules Bertrand Potier Loembe Loembe  
Mr. Jean Vincent Pouleckait  Security  
M. Dimitri Jason Raivire  Aide De Camp Du President De La Republique  
Ms. Anaëlle Farah Raoumbé Djendja  Chargée de Mission of the President in charge of climate finance  National Climate Council  Presidency of the Gabonese Republic  
Ms. Eyitola St Matthew-Daniel  
Mr. Dominic Daniel Sudnik  
Mr. Alexander William Guy White  
Mr. Yann Pierre Albert Livulibutt Yangari  
Gambia 
Ms. Rohey John  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Natural Resources  Governmental  
H.E. Mr. Lamin B. Dibba  Permanent Representative at UN  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Governmental  
Ms. Fatou S Kinteh  Minister  Ministry of Gender and Social Welfare  Governmental  
H.E. Mr. Badara A Joof  Vice President  Government  
Mr. Musa Drammeh  Minister  Ministry of Fisheries and Water Resources  Government  
Mr. Seedy KM Keita  Minister  Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs  
Mr. Alpha A.K. Jallow  Direcor, Climate Secretariat  Ministry of Environment Climate Change and Natural Resources  Governmental  
Mr. Alieu Njie  Permanent Secretary  Ministry o Environment, Climate Change and Natural Resources  Governmental  
Mr. Bubacarr Zaidi Jallow  Director, Central Project Coordination Unit  Government  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Water and Wildlife  
Ms. Isatou F Camara  Deputy Director  Directorate of Development Planning  Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs  
Ms. Anna Bishop  IIED Staff  IIED  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Elaine Harty  Senior Project Manager: Global Climate Law, Policy and Governance  Climate Change Group  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Ms. Illari Zulema Aragon Noriega  Researcher  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Ms. Aisha Jallow  Gender Officer  Association for Progressive African Youth  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Gibbou M. Saidy  Environment Officer  Association for Progressive African Youth  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Lamin Mai Touray  Director  Department of Water Resources  Governmental  
Ms. Fatou Ndeye Gaye  Personal  Consultant  
Mr. Victor Yugo Kengo  Position Engineering and Maintenance Director  APPA  
Ms. Alice de Siqueira Khouri  Partner at Rolim Law Firm  
Mr. João Paulo Ribeiro Santana Santana  Environmental Director  APPA  
Mr. Fafa o. Cham  Action Aid Gambia  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Beatrice A Mboge  CEO  Gambia Women Chamber of Commerce  Non Governmental Organization  
Ms. Anna Hopper  Head of Global Climate Law Policy and Governance Programme  IIED  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Mahmud Shaila  Junior Environment Consultant  UNDP-Bangladesh  United Nations Agency  
Mr. Albert Joe S. Bongay  Executive Director  YVE-The Gambia Organisation  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Malang Darboe  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Fisheries, Water Resources and NAM  Governmental  
Ms. Fatou Jammeh Touray  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Agriculture  Government  
Gambia (continued) 
Mr. Musa F Sowe  President  National Coordinating Organization for Farmer Associations in the Gambia  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Fatou Jeng  Student  Plant for the Planet Foundation  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Mariama Camara  Cadet Wildlife Officer  DPWM  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Sambou Kinteh  Climate Change Office  MECCNAR  Governmental  
Mr. Momodou Wuri Jallow  Adviser to Minister  Ministry of Environment Climate Change and Natural Resource  Governmental  
Mr. Illo Jallow  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Deputy Secretary to Cabinet Office of the President  Governmental  
Mr. Venicios Gustavo Santos  
Mr. Luiz Alberto da Costa Marchiori  CEO:  
Ms. Ana Flavia Prado Rocha  
Mr. Omar Sambou  Assistant Lecturer  University of the Gambia  Governmental  
Mr. Paul Steele  Chief Economist  IIED  Organisation International  
Mr. Muntaga Momodou Sallah  Permanent Secretary  Office of the President  Governmental  
Mr. Kemo Fatty  Country Director  Civic Breat Green Wall  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Maimuna Jabbi  Volunteers Coordinator  Green up the Gambia  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Bubu Pateh Jallow  Policy Expart  Eba Project  
Mr. Morten Pedersen  Lead Climate Advisor  EPC and Operations  EPC and Operation  
Mr. Jonathan Oliver Robinson  Director - Civic  Civic Project  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Michael John Samuel  Co-Founder-Civic  Civic  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Sophie Louise Gladov  Climate Advisor  Ørsted  
Ms. Sylvia Pariente  
Mr. Bai Ibrahim Cham  Reporter  Gambia Radio and Television Services  Governmental  
Ms. Isatou M Secka  Member  Women and Children Aid the Gambia (WOCAG)  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Ms. Sandra Greiner  Fellow  Non Governmental  Global Public Policy Institute  
Ms. Mengeh Jaiteh  Senior Secreatary  MECCNAR  Governmental  
Ms. Niania Dabo  Country Focal Point  UNCDF LOCAL PROJECT  UN organisation  
Mr. Buba Khan  Africa Coordinator  Global Parliamentary Forum  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Muhammed Jaiteh  Director  Department of Forestry  Governmental  
Mr. Malanding Sambou Jaiteh  Project Manager  EBA Project  GCF funded project  
Mr. Daniel Joseph Max Mouen-Makoua  Civic Head of strategic initiatives  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Paul Preirra  Protocol Officer  Office of the Vice President  Governmental  
Mr. Saikou JK Trawalley  DPS  OVP  Governmental  
Mr. Alagie Manjang  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Natural Resources  Government  
Mr. Abdoulie Touray  Government  
Mr. Duran Hernandes Juan David  
Mr. Abdoulie Njai  Parliamentarian  
Mr. Sulayman Bojang  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Ebrima A Cham  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Lamin Sanneh  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Landing B Sanneh  CEO  Mkk Area Council  Government  
Mr. Sanna A Dahaba  Executive Director  National Management Agency  Governmental  
Gambia (continued) 
Mr. Samba Bah  Governor  Government  
Ms. Awa Sillah  Monitoring and Evaluation Officer  EbA Project  Governmental  
Mr. Mustapha Salif Yarbo  Officer  Office of President  Government  
Mr. Dawda Cham  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Momodou JA Senghore  Environmental Analyst  Office of the Vice President  Government  
Mr. Raslan Hatem Saad Mahmoud  Commercial Councilor  Gambian Embassy in Riyadh Saudi Arabia  Diplomatic  
Mr. Bai Mass Taal  Water Policy Adviser  African Ministers' Council on Water  
Ms. Jankey Jassey  Member Mbolo Association  Non Government  
Ms. Abie Sanneh  Student  UTG  Government  
Mr. Edward Alexander George Assily  CEO  Zulu Forest Sciences  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Moudi Pascal Igri  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Elie Mbaitoubam  Central Africa Climate Forecast Centre  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Alasan Senghore  Director  Gambia Redcross  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Lang Yabou  Permanent Representative at UN  Governmental  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Amir Sokolowski  
Mr. Sulayman Cham  
Mr. Momodou Badou Sarr  Adviser to the Minister  Ministry of Petroleum and Energy  Governmental  
Mr. Malang Sambou Manneh  Coordinator  Molo-Association  Non Governmental Organization BIOS  
Mr. Pa Buray Joof  
Georgia 
H.E. Mr. Irakli Garibashvili  Prime Minister  Government of Georgia  
H.E. Mr. Ilia Darchiashvili  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Nino Tandilashvili  Deputy Minister of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  
Ms. Nino Tkhilava  Head  Environment and Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  
Mr. Revaz Javelidze  Head  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Ms. Maia Tskhvaradze  Head  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Agriculture  
Mr. Jesse Colin Medlong  Associate Attorney  Litigation  DLA Piper  
Mr. Kaveh Guilanpour  Consultant  Government of Georgia  
Ms. Katrina Alexis Hausfeld  Partner  DLA Piper LLP (US)  
Mr. Alec Jan H. Van Vaerenbergh  Lead Lawyer  Litigation and Regulatory  DLA Piper  
Ms. Nana Janashia  Executive Director  Caucasus Environmental NGO Network  
Ms. Ekaterine Atoshvili  Coordinator  Press Service  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Mr. Giorgi Beridze  Press Service- Cameraman  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Ms. Nino Giorgobiani  Head  Strategic Communications Department  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Ms. Madlena Goksadze  Counsellor  Embassy of Georgia to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Jorian Hamster  Advocaat  Litigation and Regulatory  DLA Piper  
Mr. Tengiz Kvashilava  Deputy head  Protocol Service  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Mr. Giorgi Lobzhanidze  Security Officer of the Prime Minister of Georgia  Special State Protection Service of Georgia  
Mr. Paata Maziashvili  Security officer of the Prime Minister of Georgia  Special State Protection Service of Georgia  
Ms. Ekaterine Mikadze  Project Manager  UNDP  
Georgia (continued) 
Mr. Giorgi Ninashvili  Head of the Security Service of the Prime Minister of Georgia  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Mr. Erekle Rostomashvili  Press Service- Photographer  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Mr. Romani Tatarashvili  Coordinator  Protocol Service  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Ms. Nino Tevzadze  Project Manager  Caucasus Environmental NGO Network  
Mr. Mikheil Tigishvili  Acting Ambassador/Charge d'Affaires  
Mr. David Zantaraia  Head  Protocol Service of the Prime Minister of Georgia  Administration of the Government of Georgia  
Ms. Shirley Pouget  Responsible Business  DLA Piper Paris  
Ms. Ana Paula Chagas  DLA Piper LLP  Environmental Practice  
Mr. Ehab Elsonbaty  Partner  Chair of US/Middle East Initiative  DLA Piper US  
Ms. Ann Katherine Ford  DLA Piper LLP  
Ms. Laura Ford  Litigation & Regulatory (CCI)  DLA Piper UK LLP  
Mr. Kakhaberi Mdivani  Independent expert  Regional Environmental Center for Caucasus  
Germany 
Mr. Olaf Scholz  Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany  
H.E. Ms. Annalena Baerbock  federal minister  Federal Foreign Office  
H.E. Ms. Steffi Lemke  Federal Minister  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection  
H.E. Ms. Svenja Schulze  Minister  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Jennifer Morgan  State Secretary  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Norbert Gorissen  Director  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Luisa Roelke  Head of Division  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Joerg Kukies  State Secretary  Federal Chancellery  
Ms. Anna Lührmann  State minister  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Jochen Flasbarth  State Secretary  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Frank Hartmann  ambassador  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Stefan Wenzel  parliamentary state secretary;  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action  
Mr. Steffen Hebestreit  state secretary  Bundespresseamt  
Ms. Birgit Schwenk  director general  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action  
Ms. Heike Henn  Director  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Anke Oppermann  Director  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Birgit Pickel  Director General  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Juergen Zattler  Director General  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Anja Siegesmund  Minister  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Nature Conservation Thuringia  
Ms. Lisa Badum  Member of the German Parliament  BÜNDNIS 90/ DIE GRÜNEN  German Parliament  
Mr. Oliver Klaus Grundmann  Member of the German Parliament  CDU/CSU  German Parliament  
Mr. Thomas Heilmann  German Parliament  
Mr. Olaf Karl Wilhelm in der Beek  member of the german parliament  German Parliament  
Mr. Stefan Keuter  member of the german parliament  German Parliament  
Ms. Ricarda Lang  German Parliament  
Mr. Victor Perli  member of the german parliament  German Parliament  
Mr. Dirk Messner  President  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Tobias Fuchs  director general  German Meteorological Service  
Mr. Steffen Meyer  director general  Federal Chancellery  
Germany (continued) 
Mr. Marcus Pleyer  Deputy Director General  Federal Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Inka Gnittke  deputy director general  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection  
Ms. Ilka Hirt  deputy director general  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection  
Mr. Rainer Baake  Special Envoy of BMZ for the JETP with South Africa  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Christian Büchter  head of division  Federal Chancellery  
Mr. Alexander Schiemann  Head of the Chancellor’s Office  Federal Chancellery  
Ms. Katharina Ahrendts  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Christofer Burger  head of division  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Ursula Fuentes Hutfilter  Head of Division  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Frederik Landshöft  head of divison  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Miriam Ott  Head of Division  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Wolfgang Zornbach  head of division  Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture  
Ms. Kathrin Ursula Blaufuss  Head of the Minister's Office  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection  
Ms. Mechthild Caspers  Head of Division  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection  
Mr. Martin Kipping  Head of Division  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Annette Windmeisser  Head of Division  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Regine Zylka  Head of communication  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Susanne Droege  head of division  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Frank Wolke  Head of Division  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Stefan Roesner  Head of Division  German Meteorological Service  
Ms. Mareile Beate Stephanie Drechsler  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Thomas Ebben  policy officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Wasil Engel  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Johannes Grün  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Corinna Klein  desk Officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Louis Mourier  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Alexander Plappert  Deputy Head of Division  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Konrad Raeschke-Kessler  Policy Officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Hendrikje Reich  desk Officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Thomas Reidel  Policy Officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Jacqueline Rothfels  desk Officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Marcus Stadthaus  personal assistant  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Jennifer Tollmann  desk Officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Philipp von Ritter  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Christopher Weigand  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Mareike Well  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Malin Ahlberg  policy officer  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action  
Mr. Michael Büchl  policy officer  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action  
Ms. Sarah Zügel  Policy Officer  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action  
Mr. Dirk Kramer  Policy Officer  Federal Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Anne Kristina Roth  Policy Advisor  Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture  
Ms. Nina Alsen  Policy Officer  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection  
Germany (continued) 
Ms. Elisabeth Heilgeist  Policy Officer  Federal Ministry of Education and Research  
Ms. Sabine Brickenkamp  Senior Policy Officer  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Josefine Marie Greber  Senior Policy Officer  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Leona Hollasch  Senior Policy Officer  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Benjamin Knödler  Senior Policy Officer  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Ms. Sylvia Schmidt  Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Simon Stumpf  Senior Policy Officer  Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development  
Mr. Karsten Karschunke  Desk Officer  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Frederik Pischke  sientific officer  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Jens Tambke  scientific officer  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Christian Tietz  scientific officer;  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Tobias Vosen  scientific officer  German Environment Agency  
Mr. Ralph Bodle  Legal Expert  Ecologic Institute  
Mr. Arne Riedel  Legal Expert  Ecologic Institute  
Mr. Martin Cames  head of division  Oeko-Institut e.V. Institute for Applied Ecology  
Mr. Lorenz Moosmann  Advisor to the Ministry  Oeko-Institut e.V. Institute for Applied Ecology  
Ms. Caroline Nicole Marie-Anne Eick  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Maika Mueller  Advisor to the Ministry  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Jeremy Schlickenrieder  Advisor to the ministry  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Thomas Forth  Advisor to the Ministry  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action  
Mr. Dietram Oppelt  advisor to the ministry  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action  
Mr. Lennart Manuel Pantel  Advisor to the Ministry  Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action  
Ms. Claudia Heidecke  advisor to the ministry  Thünen Institute/BMEL  
Mr. Moritz Weber  Policy Officer  ZUG gGmbH  
Ms. Stefanie Gastrow  Advisor to the Ministry  German IPCC Coordination Office  
Ms. Anika Lindener  advisor to the ministry  German Aerospace Center  
Ms. Christiane Textor  Advisor to the Ministry  German Aerospace Center  
Ms. Friederike Eppen  Advisor  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH  
Ms. Britta Horstmann  Advisor  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH  
Ms. Marlena Kiefl  Advisor  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH  
Mr. Sönke Marahrens  Advisor  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH  
Ms. Amina Laura Schild  Advisor  German Agency for International Cooperation  
Ms. Cécile Schneider  Advisor  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH  
Mr. Maik Winges  Advisor  Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH  
Mr. Max Bernhard  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Mr. Sebastian Paul  Desk Officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Amal Karout  Secretary  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Sarah Walkewitz  Assistant Desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Caroline Brege  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Ms. Vera Zipperer  desk officer  Federal Chancellery  
Ms. Elvira Lorenz  Assitant Desk Officer  Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection  
Ms. Vanessa Hofmann  desk officer  Federal Foreign Office  
Germany (continued) 
Ms. Bera Anuk von Hagens  interpreter  Federal Foreign Office  
Ghana 
Mr. Mohammed Amin Adam  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Kwaku Afriyie  Minister of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Owusu Afriyie Akoto  Minister of Food and Agriculture  Ministry of Food and Agriculture  
H.E. Mr. Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo  President of Ghana  Office of the President  
Mr. Nana Bediatuo Asante  Secretary to the President  Office of the President  
H.E. Mr. Samuel A. Jinapor  Minister  Ministry for Land and Natural Resources  
Mr. Kenneth Nana Yaw Ofori-Atta  Hon Minister  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Benito Owusu-Bio  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources  
Mr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh  Minister  Ministry of Energy  
H.E. Ms. Samira Ramadan Bawumia  Second Lady of Ghana  Office of the Wife of Vice President  
Mr. Antwi-Boasiako Amoah  Ag. Director, Climate Vulnerability and Adaptation  Climate Change  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Felix Addo-Yobo  Director of Environment  National Development Planning Commission  
Ms. Roselyn Fosuah Adjei  Director Climate Change  Climate Change Directorate  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Frederick Obeng Adom  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Obed Boamah Akwa  Ambassador  Embassy of Ghana  
Mr. Fawaz Aliu  Deputy Chief of Staff  Office of the President  
Mr. John Mcdonald Allotey  Chief Executive  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Joseph Amankwa Baffoe  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Oscar Kojo Amonoo-Neizer  Executive Secretary  Energy Commission  
Mr. Ebenezer Appah-Sampong  Deputy Executive Director Technical  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Patricia Appiagyei  Member Parliament  Parliament House  
Mr. Eugene Kofi Bentum Arhin  Director of Communications  Office of the President  
Ms. Judith Asante  Clerk to the Parliament  Parliament House  
Mr. Regnald Kwabena Awuku-Boateng  Protocol Officer  State Protocol Department  
Ms. Juliana Bempah  Programme Officer  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Peter Dery  Director of Environment  Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  
Ms. Lydia Obenewa Essuah  Director  Policy Planning, Monitoring and Evaluation Directorate PPME  Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Reginald Harry Grant  Chief Executive Officer  Ghana Investment Promotion Centre  
Mr. Edmund Kojo Koda  Chief Security Officer  Office of the President  
Mr. Henry Kwabena Kokofu  Executive Director  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Samuel Yao Kumah  Director of State Protocol  Office of the President  
Mr. Yahaya Amantana Mahama  Counsellor  Embassy of Ghana  
Mr. Emmanuel Marfo  Parliament of Ghana  
Mr. Michael Ofori-Atta  Director for Regional Integration, Presidency  Office of the President  
Mr. Bismarck Kwasi Onwona  ADC to the President  Office of the President  
Mr. Emmanuel Osae-Quansah  Director  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Kennedy Nyarko Osei  Chairman, Parliamentary Select Committee on Roads and Transport  Parliament  
Mr. Joseph Osiakwan  Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources  
Ms. Patrina Tekyi Ankrah  Physician to the President  Office of the President  
Mr. Ebenezer Okletey Terlabi  Parliament of Ghana  
Mr. Daniel Tutu Benefoh  Acting Director  Climate Change Unit  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Olga Araba Yanney  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration  
Ghana (continued) 
Mr. Yaw Bediako Osafo  Legal Analyst  Tetteh and Tetteh Advocates  
Mr. Isaac Kwabena Danso  Assistant Programme Officer  Climate change unit  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Ama Kwansima Essel  AGN  
Mr. Kingsley Kwako Amoako  Deputy Director  Crops Service Department  Ministry of Food and Agriculture  
Mr. Gyimah Mohammed  Assistant Director  Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation  
Ms. Angelina Ama Tutuah Mensah  Director, Corporate Affairs  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Joseph Adjei-Banin  Deputy Director Protocol  Office of the President  
Ms. Patience Thelma Melfah Damptey  AGN  
Mr. Thomas Yaw Gyambrah  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Daniel Akwetey Lamptey  Senior Programme Officer  Climate Change Unit  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Seth Agbeve Mahu  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. George Anthony Manful  Director  
Mr. Seth Osafo  Consultant  
Mr. Charles Sarpong Duah  Director  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Emmanuel Tachie-Obeng  Principal Programme Officer  Climate Change Unit  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Iddrisu Yakubu  Deputy Director  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration  
Ms. Isabel Nana Yaa Andam  VCF Fellowship Holder  Vulnerable Climate Forum  
Mr. Afornorpe Eric Kofi  Assistant Director 1  Ministry of Local Government Decentralization and Rural Development  
Mr. Samuel Mintah Wiafe  Office of the President  
Ms. Sara Jane Ahmed  V20 workstream Coordinator and Finance Advisor  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Mr. Aiyana Caballero  Program Officer  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Mr. Matthew Mckinnon  program Head CVF/V20 Support Program  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ms. Rachel Mundilo  CVF/GPG WorkStream Coordinator  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ms. Sarah Okorno  CVF Program Assistant  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Mr. Nilesh Prakash  V20 pacific Adivor  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Mr. Paul Roberts  Communication Advisor  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ms. Alexandra Jewel Rosas  V20 Research Analyst  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ms. Noor Saghir  CVF Program Officer  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ms. Pauline Seppey  Program Officer  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ms. Maria Jose Vasquez Vargas  CVF Program Officer  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ms. Selamawit Desta Wubet  CVF Workstream Coordinator  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Mr. Asiamah Emmanuel Twum  Office of the Wife of Vice President  
Mr. George Kwame Aboagye  Parliament of Ghana  
Mr. Charles Isaac Acquah Jnr  Chief Programme Officer  Natural Resources  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Anthony Agyekum  Senior Assistant Clerk  Parliament of Ghana  
Mr. Jacob Selasie Aheto  Counsellor/Consulae  Embassy of Ghana  
Mr. Suhuyini Sayibu Alhassan  Parliament of Ghana  
Ms. Josceline Arthur  Support Youth Ambassador  CVF  
Ms. Abena-Takyiwaa Asamoah-Okyere  Technical Assistant  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Avril Aube Lutece Chanel  CVF Program Officer  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ghana (continued) 
Ms. Ailin Benitez Cortes  Program Officer  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Ms. Monica Boham  Minister Counsellor/Second Committee  Permanent Mission of Ghana to the United Nations, New York  
Mr. Pierre Conille  Program Officer  The Climate Vulnerable Forum/The Vulnerable Twenty Secretariat  
Mr. Foster Aboagye Gyamfi  Principal Economics Officer  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Joyreen Adubea Gyewu  Office of the Wife of Vice President  
Mr. Robert Mensah  Principal Budget Officer  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Esther Mireku  Assistant Programme Officer  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Fuseini Mumuni  Office of the Second Lady of Ghana  
Ms. Charlotte Nana Norman  Director in Charge CCDRR  National Disaster Management Organization  
Mr. Edward Ekow Obeng-Kenzo  Deputy Chief Executive  Volta River Authority  
Ms. Zelia Amat Osman  Office of the Second Lady of Ghana  
Mr. Abdul-Rashid Hassan Pelpuo  Parliament House  
Greece 
H.E. Mr. Kyriakos Mitsotakis  Prime Minister of the Hellenic Republic  
H.E. Mr. Konstantinos Skrekas  Minister of Environment and Energy  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
H.E. Mr. Christos Staikouras  Minister  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Christos Stylianides  Minister  Ministry of Climate Crisis and Civil Protection  
Mr. Konstantinos Evangelos Aravosis  Secretary General for Forestry  General Secretariat of Forest  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Anna Maria Eleni Boura  Director of the Diplomatic Cabinet of the Prime Minister  Diplomatic Cabinet of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Maria Chelmi  Administrative Officer  Embassy of Greece to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Annika Vaitsa Chondropoulou  Head of Cabinet of the Deputy Minister of Environment and Energy  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Elias Galanis  Counsellor for Press  Embassy of Greece to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
H.E. Mr. Nikolaos Garilidis  Ambassador  Embassy of Greece to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Charoula Kafantari  Mp,vice-Chairperson of the Special Permanent Parliamentary Committee on Environmental Protection  Hellenic Parliament  
Ms. Kyriaki Kapi  Communications Director  General Secretariat of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Elisavet Karaiskou  Advisor to the Minister of Finance  Minister’s office  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Maria Kechri  First Counsellor, Deputy Head of Mission  Embassy of Greece to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Georgios Stavros Kremlis  Advisor to the Greek Prime Minister for Energy, Climate, Environment and Circular Economy  Presidency of the Government  
Ms. Varvara Lappa  P.A. to Minister  Minister's Office  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Alexandros Marakis  Press Office Special Advisor  General Secretariat of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Ioannis Nikolaos Melachrinoudis  Attaché  Embassy of Greece to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Stefanos Minas  
Mr. Dimitrios Niavis  Policy Officer  Directorate for Climate Change and Air Quality  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Eirini Nikolaou  Policy officer  Directorate for Climate Change and Air Quality  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Konstantinos Oikonomopoulos  Communications Deputy Director  General Secretariat of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Aristotelitsa Peloni  Alternate Government Spokesperson  
Mr. Ioannis Rigas  Expert Counselor  Hellenic Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Michail Marios Scoullos  Chairperson  Mediterranean Information Office for Environment, Culture and Sustainable Development  
Greece (continued) 
Ms. Alexandra Sdoukou  Secretary General for Energy and Mineral Resources  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Ioannis Sempos  Teaching and research associate  Chemical Engineering  National Technical University of Athens  
Mr. Aristeidis Sfakianakis  Communication Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Sherif Mohamed Amin Soliman  Administrative Officer  Embassy of Greece to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Evangelia Spanoudaki  Official  International Affairs Directorate  Hellenic Parliament  
Mr. Vasileios Triantafyllos  Special advisor to the Secretary General og Energy and Mineral Resources  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Nikolaos Tsafos  Chief Energy Adviser  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Ioanna Tsalakanidou  Policy Officer  Directorate of Climate Change and Air Quality  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Petros Varelidis  Secretary General for Natural Environment and Water  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Ms. Zoi Vlachava  Advisor for Public Relations and Protocol to the Prime Minister  
Mr. Athanasios Zarogiannis  Secretariat General of Energy and Mineral Resources  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Georgios Zisis -Tegos  Head of Department for Market Mechanisms and GHG Emission Registry  Directorate of Climate Change and Air Quality  Ministry of Environment and Energy  
Mr. Georgios Zoumpoulidis  Administrative Officer  Embassy of Greece to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Grenada 
H.E. Ms. Kerryne James  Minister for Climate Resilience, Environment and Renewable Energy  Ministry of Climate Resilience, Environment and Renewable Energy  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Spencer Linus Thomas  Ambassador and Special Envoy for Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Business and CARICOM Affairs  Government of Grenada  
Ms. Terah Antoine  Energy Officer  Energy  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Isaac Anthony  Chief Executive Officer  Caribbean Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility  
Ms. Renae Baptiste  First Secretary - UN Mission  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Business and CARICOM Affairs  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Brian Bonaparte  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Leon Derek Charles  Advisor  Ministry wrf Climate Resilience and the Environment  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Jerry Enoe  Government of Grenada  
Ms. Nealla Frederick  Ministry of Climate Resilience  
Ms. Claire Fyson  Advisor  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. William Leslie Hare  CEO  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Johann Hoschtialek  Government of Grenada  
Ms. Jovana Hoschtialek  Youth Representative  Ministry of Youth  Government of Grenada  
Mr. Damon Jones  Advisor  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Ms. Mavis Durowaa Mainu  Advisor  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Ms. Rae Thomas  Crown Counsel  Ministry of Legal Affairs  Government of Grenada  
Ms. Dessima William  President of the Senate  Government of Grenada  
Guatemala 
Sr. Gerson Elías Barrios Garrido  Ministro  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sra. Karla Andrea de los Angeles Anguiano Ligorría  Primer Secretario  Subdirección de Política Multilateral para la Organización de Naciones Unidas  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Mónica Lucía Barillas Rodas  Directora de cambio climático  Unidad de cambio climático  Consejo Nacional de Areas Protegidas  
Sr. David Estuardo Barrera Garcia  Asesor  Dirección de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Guatemala (continued) 
Sra. Jenifer Andrea Calderón Cintora  Coordinadora  Unidad de Cooperación Internacional  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sr. Bryan Adolfo Chavarría Mejía  Asesor técnico  Unidad de Comunicación Social  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sra. Nasly Anabely Escobar López  Asesora  Dirección de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sr. Luis Raúl Estévez López  Embajador Extraordinario y Plenipotenciario  Embajada de Guatemala en al República árabe de Egipto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Willson Wyller García Morales  Director General  Instituto Nacional de Sismología, Vulcanología, Meteorología e Hidrología  
Sr. José Guillermo López Fuentes  Primer Secretario y Cónsul  Embajada de Guatemala en la República Árabe de Egipto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Marleny Nohemi Oliva Orellana de Rodas  Coordinadora  Unidad de Genero, Multiculturalidad y Personas con Discapacidad  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sr. Jorge Alexis Quevedo Divas  Alcalde Municial  Maria Ixhuatán, Santa Rosa  Municipalidad de Maria Ixhuatán, Santa Rosa  
Sra. Claudia Maria Samayoa Muñoz  Asesora  Departamento de Mitigación al Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sra. Daniella Suger Bedorin  Representante  Sistema Guatemalteco de Ciencias del Cambio Climático  Consejo Nacional de Cambio Climático  
Sr. Marco Alexander Tax Marroquin  Coordinador de Programa Sostenibilidad en Sistemas Productivos  Instituto Privado de Investigación sobre Cambio Climático  
Sr. Ciriaco Antonio Urrutia Lemus  Director de Cambio Climático  Dirección de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sra. Jenny Cristabel Vasquez Palacios  Asesora  Dirección de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Sra. Jennifer Waleska Zamora Arenales  Chief of Vulnerability of Adaptation Department  Vulnerability of Adaptation Department  Ministerio de Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  
Guinea 
Ms. Louopou Lamah  Ministre de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Ministère de L'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Ms. Oumou Doumbouya  Directrice Nationale Adjointe des Pollutions, Nuisances et Changements Climatiques/Point Focal CCNUCC  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Thierno Madiou Bah  Directeur National Adjoint des Routes Nationales  Ministères des Infrastructures et des Transports  Gouvernement  
Ms. Nima Bah  Cheffe de Cabinet  Ministère de l'Energie, de l'Hydraulique des Hydrocarbures  Gouvernement  
Mr. Alpha Ibrahima Bah  Coordinateur Troisième Communication Nationale  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Ms. Fatoumata Bah  Conseillère Chargée de la Recherche  Ministère de l'Enseignement Supérieur, de la Recherche Scientifique et de l'Innovation  Gouvernement  
Ms. Aissatou Bella Bah  Managing team and Spoke Person of the Organisation  Société Civile  Non Gouvernemental (ONG)  
Mr. Mamadou Alpha Baldé  Journaliste  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Ms. Diariou Baldé  Cheffe Service Hygiène, Santé et Sécurité  Ministère de l'Enseignement Technique et de la Formation Professionnelle  Gouvernement  
Mr. Ismael Baldé  Président ONG  Jeunesse Active  Non Gouvernemental (ONG)  
Mr. Fodé Moussa Bangoura  1er Conseiller chargé des Affaires  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères, de la Coopération Internationale et des Guinéens de l'Etrangers  Gouvernement  
Mr. Abdourahim Barry  Chef de Section des Affaires Economiques et Commerciales  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères, de la Coopération Internationale, de l'Intégration Africaine et des Guinéens de l'étranger  Gouvernement  
Guinea (continued) 
Mr. Mamadou Oury Barry  Point Focal Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Ibrahima Sory Barry  1er SecrétaireChargé des Affaires Economiques et Commerciales  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères, de la Coopération Internationale et des Guinéens de l'Etranger  Gouvernement  
Mr. Mamadou Saliou Camara  Coordinateur  Association Trait d'Union des Jeunes Guinéens  ONG  
Ms. Idiatou Camara  Administratice Générale  Radio Environnement  ONG  
Mr. Simon Pierre Camara  Conseiller Chargé du Développement Rural et de l'Economie  Primature  Gouvernement  
Ms. Aissata Camara  Vice-présidente de la Commission des Affaires Economiques et Développement Durable  Conseil National de la Transition (CNT)  Gouvernement  
Mr. Sékou Fodé Camara  Point Focal CDN  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Bangaly Chérif  Membre de la Commission des Affaires Economiques et rurales  Conseil Nationale de la Transition  Gouvernement  
Mr. Alhassane Hamzatta Chérif  Point Focal NDC Partnership  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  Gouvernement  
Mr. Mohamed Condé  Directeur Général  Entreprise MC Groupe SARL  Société Privée  
Mr. Alhassane Conté  Chargé d'Affaire de la Mission Permanente de Guinée auprès des Nations Unies  Ministère des Affaires Étrangères, de la Coopération Internationale et des guinéens de l'Etranger  Gouvernement  
Mr. Sankoumba Diaby  Coordinateur Technique National du Projet CCLME  Ministère de la Santé et de l'Hygiène Publique  Gouvernement  
Ms. Mahawa Diakité  Directrice Nationale Adjointe de l'Hygiène Publique  Ministère de Santé et l'Hygiène Publique  Gouvernement  
Mr. Algassimou Diallo  Président de l'ONG Guinée Verte  ONG Guinée Verte  Non Gouvernemental (ONG)  
Mr. Alpha Amadou Diallo  Directeur Exécutif Greentransformation 2050  ONG Green Transformation  Non Gouvernemental (ONG)  
Ms. Kadiatou Dalein Diallo  Directrice Générale Bureau de Stratégie et de Développement  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Kadiata Madi Diallo  Point Focal Désertification  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Yayanga Donzo  Coordinateur National ONG International World for Nature  ONG International World for Nature Conservation  Non Gouvernemental (ONG)  
Mr. Koiba Goikwia  Point Focal GIEC  Ministère des Transports  Gouvernement  
Mr. Alpha Oumar Kaloga  Expert  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Daoud Ahmed Kandé  Informaticien  Ambassade de Guinée en Egypte  Gouvernement  
Ms. Biliga Koivogui  Point Focal Genre et Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Ms. Saran Koné  Cheffe de Section Commerce Bilatéral  Ministère du Commerce, de l'Industrie et des PME  Gouvernement  
Mr. Joseph Sabendo Koundouno  Conseiller Juridique  Ministère de l'Urbanisme, de l'Habitat et de l'Amenagement du Territoire  Gouvernement  
Mr. Pierre Lamah  Secrétaire Exécutif du Fonds Vert pour le Climat  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Ms. Jeannette Léo Lamah  Directrice Générale Adjointe du Bureau de Stratégie et de Développement  Ministère de la Pêche et de l'Economie Maritime  Gouvernement  
Mr. Richard Lamah  Journaliste  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Ms. Bamba Makia  Fondatrice de l Fondation the green word fondation by makia  Société Civile  Non Gouvernemental (ONG)  
Guinea (continued) 
Ms. Kadiatou N'Diaye  Présidente Fondation Hadja Kadiatou N'Diaye pour la protection de l'environnement  Fondation Hadja Kadiatou N'Diaye pour la protection de l'environnement  Non Governmental  
Mr. Bangaly Sangaré  Attaché de Cabinet  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Ms. Fatoumata Sangaré  Point Focal Adaptation  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Seydou Bari Sidibé  Conseiller Principal  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Seydouba Sidibé  Responsable Programme et Projets  Jeune Voix du Sahel  Non Gouvernemental (ONG)  
Mr. Amadou Sow  Chef de la Division Opérations Urbaines, suppléant point focal  Ministère de l'Urbanisme de l'Habitat et de l'Amenagement du Territoire  Gouvernement  
Ms. Amadou Tall  Etudiant  ECOLOTRIP  Non Governmental  
Mr. Fassou Thea  Conseillé Chargé de l'Environnement, du Développement Durable et de l'Assainissement  Primature  Gouvernement  
Mr. Fodé Touré  Directeur FECAN/Point Focal FEM  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Mr. Paul Traoré  Assistant Point Focal CCNUCC  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Gouvernement  
Guinea-Bissau 
Mr. Umaro Sissoco Embaló  President of Republic  Presidency of Republic  
H.E. Ms. Suzi Carla Barbosa  Minister of Foreign Affaires and Communities  Government of Guinea-Bissau  Ministry of Foreign Affaires and Communities  
Mr. Viriato Luis Soares Cassama  Minister of Environment and Biodiversity  Ministry of Environment and Biodiversity  
H.E. Mr. Soares Sambu  Vice Primer Minister  MNE  Governnement  
Mr. Nelson Moreira  Conselor of PR  Presidency of Republic  
Ms. Akssana Paula  GCF Focal Point Assistent  Government of Guinea-Bissau  Ministry of Environment and Biodiversity  
Mr. Garcia Bacar Embalo  CC Adaptation Expert  MAB  Government  
Ms. Dieynaba Baldé  Staff Ministry of Public Work  Urbanism  Government  
Ms. Edina Agostinho Bassafim  Technical Staff  Rasta Turpeça  Civil Society  
Mr. Justino Biai  Director of IBAP  Government of Guinea-Bissau  Ministry of Environment and Biodiversity  
M. Alexandre Cabral  Sub-Coordenador do Centro de Alerta Precoce  Secrétariat d'état à l'environnement  
Mr. Bonifacio Correia  Jornalist  Presidency of Republic  
Ms. Paula Cristina Da Silva Teixeira  Advisor of President of Republic  Presidency of Republic  
Mr. Bernardino Dos Santos  Director da Cooperação Científica  EEA  
Ms. Djyba Gomes Jao  Communication Office Service Director  Ministry of Environment and Biodiversity  
Mr. Abu Bacar Injai  Protocol of President of Republic  Presidence of Republic  Presidência da República do Guinea-Bissau  
Mr. Casimiro Jorge Sanca  Technical Staff  REDELUSO  Government  
Ms. Edwige Lima Nzale  Staff Communication Office  MAB  Government  
Mr. Joao Lona Tchedna  Président de l'Institut de la Météorologie Nationale  Secretariat of State of Transportation  National Institute of Meteorology  
Mr. Carlos Akicidio Lopes Fernandes  Security of HE President of Republic  Presidency of Republic  
Mr. Francisco Ansumane Mané  Coordenador APESS  APESS  
Mr. Eusébio Nunes Correia  Jornalista  Guinea-Bissau Government  RTGB  
Ms. Umaro Petna  technical staff  Rasta Turpeça  Civil Society  
Guinea-Bissau (continued) 
Ms. Maria Antonieta Pinto Lopes D´Alva  Diplomat in Permanent Mission of Guinea-Bissau In UN  Ministério dos Negócios Estrangeiros  Guinea-Bissau Government  
Ms. Udimila Kadija Queta  Technical Staff  MAB/IBAP  Government  
Mr. Alsau Sambu  Staff Serviço Nacional de Protecção Civil  Ministério de Interior  Governo  
Mr. Quintino Tchantchalam  Biodiversity Expert  MAB/IBAP  Government  
Guyana 
Mr. H.E. Vickram Bharrat  Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources  
Ms. Tracy Smith  Project Manager  Environment and Climate Change Department  Office of the President  
Ms. Pradeepa Goberdhan  Senior Director  Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources  
Mr. Kevin Vincent Hogan  Advisor to the Vice President  Office of the Vice President  Office of the President  
Mr. Derrick Rowan John  Chairman  National Toshao Council  
Ms. Stephanie Kai-Yee Wang  Guyana Focal Point  Wildlife Conservation Society  
Mr. Osbert Mc Pherson  Security Detail  Protocol  Office of the President  
Mr. Anter Narine  Officer  Office of the President  
Haiti 
Ms. Gerty Pierre  Directrice Adjointe  Direction Changements Climatiques  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Rockendy Rene  Senior technician Direction Climate Change  Climate Change  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mme Ninon Angrand/Abraham  Directrice Bureau Evaluation Environnementale  Bureau National Evaluation Environnementale  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Antonio Antoine  Membre Cabinet  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Harmel Cazeau  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Ms. Addly Duplan Celestin  Manager Project  Resilience  Centro Internacional de Agricultura Tropical  
Mr. Maranatha Emmanuel  Cadre technique  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Valery Fils-Aime  Conseiller  Cabinet du Ministre  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Jean-Phares Jerome  Journaliste  Climat  ACCLED  
Mr. Fabien, Pierre Monteils  Conseiller technique  Changement Climatique  Ministere de l'Environnement  
Mr. Hervé Philippe  Conseiller technique  Bureau de l'Ordonnateur National  
Mr. Adelin Pierre  
Mr. Panaroty Ferdinand Prophete  Program Manager  Climat  United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization Haiti  
Mr. Yves Bernard Remarais  Directeur Communication  DACIP  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Patrick Saint-Pre  Journaliste  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Musette Thomas  Point Focal Genre Changement Climatique  Direction Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Joseph Ronald Toussaint  Technical Advisor  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Raoul Vital  Directeur ONQEV  ONQEV  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Holy See 
His Eminence Cardinal Pietro Parolin  Secretary of State  
H.E. Archbishop Nicholas Thevenin  Apostolic Nuncio in Egypt  
Mr. Paolo Conversi  Secretariat of State  
Ms. Martina Giacomel  Dicastery for Promoting Human Integral Development  
Mr. Stephen Otieno Agutu  Permanent Mission of the Holy See to UNON, UNEP and UN.Habitat  
Ms. Musamba Mubanga  
Mr. Mounir Abdelmessih Shehata Farag  
Mr. Neil Edward Thorns  
Honduras 
S.E. Sr. Lucky Halach Medina Estrada  Secretario de Estado  Despacho Ministerial  Secretaría de Energía, Recursos Naturales, Ambiente y Minas  
Sr. Malcolm Bryan Stufkens Salgado  Subsecretario de Estado  Subsecretaria de Ambiente  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sr. Daryl Ramon Medina Reyes  Especialista de Monitoreo, Evaluación y Planificación  Cambio Climático y Levantamiento de Niveles de Referencia de Carbono  Instituto Nacional de Conservación Forestal y Desarrollo Forestal, Áreas Protegidas y Vida Silvestre  
Sr. Carlos Armando Zelaya Rosales  Secretario General  Congreso Nacional  
Sr. Oscar Ariel Montoya Rodezno  Diputado Propietario  Atlántida  Congreso Nacional  
Sr. Luis Edgardo Soliz Lobo  Director Ejecutivo  Dirección Ejecutivo  Instituto Nacional de Conservación Forestal y Desarrollo Forestal, Áreas Protegidas y Vida Silvestre  
Sra. Laura Elena Suazo Torres  Secretaria de Estado  Despachos de Agricultura y Ganadería  Secretaría de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Sr. Pablo Ramón Soto Bonilla  Secretario de Estado  Despacho Ministerial  Comisión Permanente de Contingencias  
Sr. Roberto Carlos Ramirez Alvarenga  Subsecretario de Crédito e Inversión Pública  Crédito e Inversión Pública  Secretaría de Finanzas  
Sra. Susana Patricia Ferreira Catrileo  Coordinadora de Cooperación Externa  Oficina Coordinadora de Proyectos  Instituto Nacional de Conservación y Desarrollo Forestal  
Mr. Russel Jensen Garay Bautista  Director del Despacho Municipal  Alcaldía Municipal de Utila  
Sra. Elena Cristina Pereira Colindres  Especialista en Finanzas de Adaptación al Cambio Climático  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sr. Fausto David Diaz Mejia  Director Interino  Unidad de Cooperación Externa y Movilización de Recursos  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Sra. Wendy Carolina Rodríguez Molina  Directora  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Secretaría de Recursos Naturales y Ambiente  
Hungary 
H.E. Mr. László Dr. Palkovics  Minister  Ministry of Industry and Technology  
Ms. Kinga Csontos  Climate Policy Officer  Climate Policy Department  Ministry of Industry and Technology  
H.E. Ms. Barbara Dr. Botos  Ambassador at Large for Climate  Ministry of Industry and Technology  
Ms. Barbara Kovács  Head of Unit  International Climate Policy Unit  Ministry of Industry and Technology  
Ms. Veronika Skolasztika Bagi  Climte Policy Officer  Climate Policy Department  Ministry of Industry and Technology  
Ms. Tímea Noémi Daróczi  Protocol Officer  Cabinet Office of the Minister  Ministry of Industry and Technology  
H.E. Mr. András Imre Kovács  Ambassador  Embassy of Hungary in Cairo  
Mr. Ahmed Mohamed Wahid Abd El Razek Aly  Driver  Embassy of Hungary in Cairo  
Iceland 
H.E. Ms. Svandís Svavarsdóttir  Minister of Food, Fisheries and Agriculture  Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Ms. Helga Barðadóttir  Deputy Director  Department of Climate Action  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Climate  
Ms. Halla Sigrún Sigurdardottir  Director General  Climate Action  Ministry of the Environment, Energy and Climate  
Mr. Magnus Agnesar Sigurdsson  Head of Division  Department of Climate Action  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Climate  
Mr. Björn Helgi Barkarson  Director General  Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Mr. Sigurður Ingi Friðleifsson  National Energy Authority of Iceland  
Ms. Berglind Häsler  Political Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Mr. Jón Asgeir Haukdal  National Energy Authority of Iceland  
Ms. Vanda Úlfrún Liv Hellsing  Department of Climate Action  Ministry of the Environment, Energy and Climate  
Iceland (continued) 
Mr. Benedikt Hoskuldsson  ial Envoy for Climate  Directorate for Bilateral and Regional Affairs  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Elva Rakel Jónsdóttir  The Environment Agency of Iceland  
Ms. Nicole Keller  Advisor  Environment Agency  
Mr. Steinar Ingi Kolbeins  Political Assistant to the Minister  Ministry of the Environment, Energy and Climate  
Ms. Halla Hrund Logadóttir  Director General  National Energy Authority  
Ms. Anna Sigurveig Ragnarsdóttir  Head of Divison  Department of Climate Action  Ministry of the Environment, Energy and Climate  
Mr. Finnur Ricart Andrason  The National Youth Council of Iceland  
India 
H.E. Mr. Bhupender Yadav  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Leena Nandan  SECRETARY  MOEFCC  Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Shard  Additional Director  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Taha Ahmed Abdul Maksoud  Chauffeur  EOI Cairo  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Mr. Sherif Ahmed Abdul Maksoud  Messenger  EOI Cairo  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Mr. Mahmoud Ahmed Ali Ahmed  Messenger  EOI Cairo  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Mr. Sathish Balakrishnan  Second Secretary  EOI Cairo  MEA  
Mr. Bhupinder Singh Bhalla  Secretary  MINISTRY OF NEW & RENEWABLE ENERGY  
Mr. Mayank Bhatt  APS to HMEFCC  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Jaivardhan Ramanlal Bhatt  Adviser  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Lalit Bohra  Joint Secretary  Ministry of New & Renewable Energy  MINISTRY OF NEW & RENEWABLE ENERGY  
Mr. Indrajit Bose  Senior Researcher  Third World Network  
Ms. Ruchika Drall  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Aasma Garg  Third Secretary  EOI Cairo  MEA  
Mr. Gautam Goswami  Scientist-G  Ministry of Science and Technology  Technology Information Forecasting and Assessment Council  
Ms. Kanika Grover  Technical Officer  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Ajit Vinayak Gupte  Ambassador  EOI Cairo  MEA  
Mr. Jeevan Kumar Jethani  Scientist-F  Solar PV Division  Ministry of New and renewable Energy  
Mr. Binay Kumar Jha  Director, Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs  Swachh Bharat Mission  Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs  
Ms. Jose Antro Healtha Joseph Devaraj  Under Secretary  Ministry of External Affairs  Government of India  
Ms. Tejal Kanitkar  National Institute of Advanced Studies  
Mr. Nasaralla Makram Nasralla Kelleny  Protocol Manager  EOI Cairo  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Mr. Ebrahim Nady Gamal Khalil  Volunteer  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Mr. Virendra Kumar  Private Secretary  EOI Cairo  MEA  
Mr. Nithin Kunneparambil  Third Secretary  EOI Cairo  MEA  
Mr. CR Magesh  Scientist C  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  National Museum of Natural History  
Mr. Devi Sahai Meena  Second Secretary  EOI Cairo  MEA  
Mr. Vijay Menghani  Chief Engineer  Central Electricity Authority  Ministry of Power  
Mr. Dheeraj Mittal  Assistant Inspector General of Forests  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
India (continued) 
Mr. Mostafa Saber Moustafa  Messenger  EOI Cairo  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Ms. Shalini Pandey  Director -NULM  MoHUA  Government of India  
Mr. Rajesh Kumar Pathak  Secretary  Department of Science and Technology  Technology Development Board  
Mr. Dipesh Pherwani  Scientist C  Ministry of New and Renewable Energy Government of India  Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, Government of India  
Mr. Bhogendra Prasad  Additional Private Secretary to Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forest & Climate Change  Government of India  
Ms. Nameeta Prasad  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  Government of India  
Mr. Ajay Raghava  Joint Director  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Geeta Rai  Associate Professor  Molecular and Human Genetics, Institute of Science  Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India  
Ms. Chandni Raina  Adviser  Department of Economic Affair  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Amit Raj  Director  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Luther Mark Rangreji  Joint Secretary  Legal and Treaties Division  Ministry of External Affairs  
Mr. Mohamded Hamed Ali Rashwan  Senior Translator  EOI Cairo  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Ms. Rajasree Ray  Economic Advisor  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Mini Maurya Rehan  Consultant - Climate Change Division  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Naaz Rizvi  Director  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  National Museum of Natural History  
Mr. Yumkhaibam Sabir  Deputy Secretary  UNES Division  Ministry of External Affairs  
Mr. Neelesh Kumar Sah  Joint Secretary  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Mahmoud Aly Khalifa Saleh  Messenger  EOI Cairo  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Ms. Himani Sarad  Director  Press Information Bureau  
Ms. Bharti Sarin  Consultant  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Kunal Satyarthi  Joint Secretary  MHA  National Disaster Management Agency  
Ms. Richa Sharma  Additional Secretary  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Amit Sheoran  Deputy Director  Department of Economic Affairs  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Dhirendra Gopal Shrestha  Director  Science, Technology and Climate Change  GOVERNMENT OF SIKKIM, INDIA  
Mr. Santosh Kumar Singh  Technical-Climate Change  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Vinod Kumar Singh  Director  Department of Agriculture Research & Education (DARE), Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers's Welfare, Govt. of India  Central Research Institute for Dryland Agriculture  
Mr. Shailesh Kumar Singh  Addl. PS to Hon'ble Minister for Environment Forest and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Mr. Mohamed Ibrahim Hassan Sorour  Chauffeur  EOI Cairo  Local Staff in EOI Cairo  
Mr. Pradeep Srivastava  Executive Director  Ministry of Science and Technology  Technology Information Forecasting and Assessment Council  
Mr. Jayaraman Thiagarajan  Expert  MS Swaminathan Research Foundation  
Ms. Anushree Tripathi  Consultant-Law  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Ms. Pooja Verma  Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change  
Indonesia 
H.E. Mr. Maruf Amin  The Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  Secretariat of Vice President Republic Indonesia  Ministry of State Secretariat  
H.E. Ms. Siti Nurbaya  Minister for Environment and Forestry  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
H.E. Mr. Sakti Wahyu Trenggono  Minister of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
H.E. Mr. Alue Dohong  Vice Minister  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
H.E. Mr. Suahasil Nazara  Vice Minister of Finance  Ministry of Finance  
H.E. Mr. Lutfi Rauf  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Cairo  
Ms. Dwikorita Karnawati  Head of the Agency  Agency for Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics  
Ms. Laksmi Dhewanthi  Director General of Climate Change  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Tri Tharyat  Director General of Multilateral Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Nani Hendiarti  Deputy Minister for Coordinating of Environment and Forestry Management  Deputy Minister for Environment and Forestry Management  Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs and Investment  
Mr. Agus Justianto  Director General of Sustainable Forest Management  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Dadan Kusdiana  Director General for New, Renewable Energy and Energy Conservation  Directorate General of New, Renewable Energy and Energy Conservation  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources  
Mr. Victor Gustaaf Manoppo  Director General  Directorate of Marine Spatial Planning  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Ms. Lenny Nurharyanti Rosalin  Deputy Minister for Child Growth and Development  Ministry of Women Empowerment and Child Protection  
Mr. Bambang Supriyanto  Director General of Social Forestry and Environmental Partnership  Directorate General of Social Forestry and Environmental Partnership  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Rasio Ridho Sani  Director General for Environment and Forestry Law Enforcement  Directorate General of Environment and Forestry Law Enforcement  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Rosa Vivien Ratnawati  Director General for Solid Waste, Hazardous Waste and Hazardous Substances Management  Directorate General of Solid Waste, Hazardous Waste, Hazardous Substances Management  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Ruandha Agung Sugardiman  Acting Director General  Directorate General for Forestry Planning and Environment Governance  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Luky Alfirman  Director General of Budget Financing and Risk Management  Directorate General of Budget Financing and Risk Management  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Musdhalifah Machmud  Deputy Minister for Food and Agribusiness  Deputy of Food and Agribusiness  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Ahmad Erani Yustika  Head of Vice President Secretariat  Office of the Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  Ministry of State Secretariat  
Mr. Noor Achmad  Head of Badan Amil Zakat Nasional  Badan Amil Zakat Nasional  
Mr. Masduki Baidlowi  Special Staff of Vice President  Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Masykuri Abdillah  Special Staff of Vice President  Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Mohammad Imam  Special Staff of Vice President  Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Iggi Haruman Achsien  Expert Team of Vice President  Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Farhat Brachma  Expert Team of Vice President  Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Efransjah  Senior Advisor to the Minister on Natural Conservation and Climate Change  Secretariat General  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Indonesia (continued) 
Ms. Nur Masripatin  Senior Advisor to the Minister on Climate Change and International Convention  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Agus Rusly  Secretary for the Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Sri Tantri Arundhati  Director for Adaptation of Climate Change  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Emma Rachmawaty  Director for Mitigation of Climate Change  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Syaiful Anwar  Director for GHG Inventory and MRV  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Wahyu Marjaka  Director for the Sectoral and Regional Resources Mobilization  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Kus Prisetiahadi  Director for Climate Change and Disaster Management  Office of the Deputy Minister for Coordination of Environment and Forestry Management  Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs and Investment  
Mr. Muhammad Yusuf  Director of Coastal and Small Islands Utilization  Directorate of Coastal and Small Islands Utilization  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Mr. Troeno Marayoga  Assistant Deputy for Mineral Resources and Environment  Assistant Deputy of Mineral Resources and Environment  Cabinet Secretariat of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Muhamad Aji Surya  Deputy Chief of Mission  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Cairo  
Mr. Medrilzam  Director for Environmental  Directorate for Environmental  Ministry of National Development Planning/ National Development Planning Agency  
Mr. Wanhar  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources  Directorate General of Electricity  Director of Electricity Program Development  
Ms. Sinta Saptarina Soemiarno  Director for Solid Waste Reduction  Directorate of Solid Waste Reduction  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Yulia Suryanti  Director for Hazardous Chemical Substances Management  Directorate of Hazardous Chemical Substances Management  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Kirsfianti Linda Ginoga  Director  Center For Standardization of Disaster Resilience and Climate Change Instruments  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Ardhasena Sopaheluwakan  Director  Center for Applied Climate Services  Agency for Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics  
Mr. Haris Syahbuddin  Executive Secretary  Indonesian Agency for Agricultural Research and Development  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Anas Maruf Sono  Director for Environmental Health  Directore of Environmental Health  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Herman Supriadi  Director  Centre for Green Industry  Ministry of Industry  
Mr. Dida Gardera  Assistant Deputy for Agro, Pharmacy and Tourism  Deputy of State-Owned Enterprises Development, Research and Innovation  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
Mr. Basar Manullang  Director for Forest and Land Fire Management  Directorate of Forest and Land Fire Management  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Nunu Anugrah  Director of Public Relation Bureau  Public Relation Bureau  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Belinda Arunarwati Margono  Director for Inventory and Monitoring of Forest Resources  Directorate of Inventory and Monitoring of Forest Resources  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Krisdianto  Director of Forest Product Processing and Marketing Development  Directorate of Forest Product Processing and Marketing Development  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Indonesia (continued) 
Ms. Sri Parwati Murwani Budi Susanti  Director for Peatland Degradation Control  Directorate of Peatland Ecosystem Degradation Control, Directorate General of Environmental Pollution and Degradation Control  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Dian Irawati  Director for Settlement and Housing Engineering Development  Directorate General of Human Settlements  Ministry of Public Works and Housing  
Mr. Ari Prabowo  Head of the Bureau of Public Relations and Foreign Cooperation  Bureau of Public Relations and Foreign Cooperation  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Mr. Simon Djatwoko Irwantoro Soekarno  Acting Director for Consular Affairs  Directorate of Consular Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sapto Harjono Wahjoe Sedjati  Chief of Protocol and Household Bureau of Vice President Office  Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Taufan Gestoro  Director of the Indonesian National Armed Forces Strategic Intelligence Agency  The Indonesian National Armed Forces Strategic Intelligence Agency  Indonesian National Armed Forces  
Ms. Widiatmini Sih Winanti  Principle Engineer  Research Center for Environment and Clean Tehnology (PRLTB)  National Research and Innovation Agency of Indonesia  
Mr. Joko Prihatno  Senior Public Policy Analyst on Climate Change  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Sri Murniningtyas  Expert to the Minister on International Cooperation Policy Development  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Radian Bagiyono  Head of Division for Program, Evaluation, Legal, and Technical Cooperation  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Tri Widayati  Deputy Director for Climate Change Adaptation Monitoring and Verification  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Nuraeni  Deputy Director for Ecological Climate Change Adaptation  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Franky Zamzani  Deputy Director for Mitigation Actions Monitoring  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Budiharto  Deputy Director of GHG Reduction Verification  Directorat General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Wukir Amintari Rukmi  Deputy Director for the Facilitation of Climate Change Negotiation  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Wawan Gunawan  Deputy Director of Climate Change Resources Support  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Israr Albar  Deputy Director for Forest and Land Fire Suppression  Directorate of Forest and Land Fire Management  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Fegi Nurhabni  Coordinator for Disaster Mitigation and Climate Change Adaptation  Directorate of Coastal and Small Islands Utilization  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Mr. Yuli Prasetyo Nugroho  Deputy Director of Stipulation of Customary Forests and Private Forests  Directorate of Tenure Conflict Management and Customary Forests  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Zaenal Arifin  Head of Division for Food Security  Assistant Deputy for Agriculture, Food Security, and Innovation  Cabinet Secretariat of the Republic of Indonesia  
Ms. Puji Wisudya Rakhmawati  Head of Division for Agriculture  Assistant Deputy for Agriculture, Food Security, and Innovation  Cabinet Secretariat of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Asmarhansyah  Head of Research Collaboration and Dissemination  Indonesian Center for Agricultural Land Resources Research and Development, Indonesian Agency for Agricultural Research and Development  Ministry of Agriculture  
Indonesia (continued) 
Mr. Qatro Romandhi  Coordinator of Energy Conservation Program Preparation  Directorate of Energy Conservation  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources  
Ms. Elvieda Sariwati Amiruddin  Chief of Programme and Information Working Group  Secretariate of Directorate General of Disease Prevention and Control  Ministry of Health  
Ms. Fitri Harwati  Deputy Director of Planning for Peatland Ecosystem Degradation Control  Directorate of Peatland Ecosystem Degradation Control, Directorate General of Environmental Pollution and Degradation Control  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Pelopor  Director for National Spatial Planning  Directorate General of Spatial Planning  Ministry of Agrarian and Spatial Planning / National Land Agency  
Mr. Mirwansyah Prawiranegara  Head of Sub Directorate of National Economic Strategic Areas Spatial Planning  Directorate General of Spatial Planning  Ministry of Agrarian Affairs and Spatial Planning/National Land Agency  
Ms. Rita Octafiani  Coordinator of Climate Change Management  Deputy Minister for Environment and Forestry Management  Coordinating Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Investment  
Mr. Ilham  Coordinator of Carbon Utilization Services  Deputy Minister for Environment and Forestry Management  Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs and Investments  
Mr. Arif Wibowo  Senior Policy Analyst for Climate Change Adaptation  Directorate for Climate Change Adaptation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Hari Wibowo  Senior Advisor for Forest Ecosystem Management  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Ratnasari  Senior Policy Analyst for Climate Change  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Damayanti Sarodja  Function Coordinator  Center of Technology Services  National Research and Innovation Agency  
Mr. Ayudya Rachman  Policy Analyst  Fiscal Policy Agency  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Dewa Ekayana  Policy Analyst  Center for Climate Finance and Multilateral Policy  Fiscal Policy Agency, Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Yanti Marliana  Head of Section of Safety Development, Dit. Road Transp. Means  Directorate General of Land Transportation  Ministry of Transportation  
Mr. Anggri Hervani  Researcher and sub coordinator of collaboration  Indonesian Agency for Agricultural Research and Development  Ministry of Agriculture of the Republic of Indonesia  
Ms. Adinda Putri Iswari  Policy Analyst  Bureau for Technical Cooperation  Ministry of State Secretariat of Republic of Indonesia  
Ms. Suri Hidayati  Policy Analyst  Bureau for Technical Cooperation  Ministry of State Secretariat  
Mr. Kuswara  Head of the Center for Settlements and Housing  Directorate General of Human Settlements  Ministry of Public Works and Housing  
Mr. Dicky Satria Pamungkas  First Secretary  Division of Economic, Development, Social-Culture and Humanities  Permanent Mission of the Republic of Indonesia to the UN - NY  
Ms. Maria Putri Kusumanegari  Second Secretary  Directorate Development, Economic, and Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Maradona Abraham Runtukahu  Acting Deputy Director for the Visits of Foreign Dignitaries  Directorate of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. John Admiral  Minister Counsellor  Protocol and Consular Affairs  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Cairo  
Ms. Iis Widyastuti  Counselor  Bureau of the Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sudarsono Soedirlan  Minister Counsellor  Information, Social and Cultural Section  Indonesian Embassy  
Mr. Dadang Rahmat  Counsellor  Economic Affairs  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia  
Indonesia (continued) 
Mr. Reski Kurnia Ilahi  Aide / Secretary to the Director General for Multilateral Cooperation  Directorate General of Multilateral Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Dian Ratri Astuti  First Secretary  Political Affairs  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Cairo  
Mr. Yuvi Shandy Amisadai  Second Secretary  Office of the Minister for Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Aria Sanggita Saleh  Defence Attache  Defence Attache Office  Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia in Cairo  
Mr. Windyo Laksono  Head of Sub-division for Administrative Affairs  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Kardono  Forest Ecosystem Specialist  Directorate for Climate Adaptation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Aditya Perdana Putra  Forest Policy Officer  Directorate of Climate Change Mitigation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Dinik Indrihastuti  Policy Analyst  Directorate of Climate Change Mitigation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Gatot Setiawan  Policy Analyst  Directorate Climate Change Mitigation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Endah Riana Oktavia  GHG Inventory and Forestry Sector Analyst  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Wisnu Murti  Junior planner  Directorate of Sectoral and Regional Mobilization  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Barnard Ceisaro Purba  Sub Coordinator for Climate Change Adaptation  Directorate of Coastal and Small Islands Utilization  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Ms. Eny Haryati  Policy Analyst of Forest and Land Fire Management  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Fona Lengkana  Analyst International Convention  Directorate of Sectoral and Regional Resources Mobilization,  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Veby Vanadila  Environmental Analyst  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Muhamad Sahrul Murajjab  Staff  Directorate of Middle East Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Eko Nugroho  Planner  Secretariat Directorat General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Tedi Bagus Prasetyo Mulyo  Junior Planner  Secretariat Directorate General of Environmental Pollution and Degradation Control  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Rizki Maulana Rachman  Analyst  Directorate of Sectoral and Regional Resources Mobilization  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Anggie Kusuma Damayanty  Forest Ecosystem Management  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Farras Masardhi  International Convention Analyst  Directorate General of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Dirra Kurniawati  Climate Change Adaptation Impact Analyst  GHG Inventory and MRV  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Moekti Handajani Soejachmoen  Executive Director  Indonesia Research Institute for Decarbonization  
Ms. Henriette Imelda  Policy Advocacy Director  Indonesia Research Institute for Decarbonization  
Mr. Paul Patar Maruli Butarbutar  Director  Program Development  Indonesia Research Institute for Decarbonization  
Ms. Denia Aulia Syam  Project Manager and Advocacy Specialist  Zurich Flood Resilience Alliance  Mercy Corps, Indonesia  
Mr. Andri Akbar Marthen  Director  Research Directorate  Indonesia Research Institute for Decarbonization  
Indonesia (continued) 
Mr. Cosa Wahyu Afiyanto  Head of Sub Division on Protocol to the Minister  General Affairs Bureau  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Fierman Sjafirial Agustus  ADC of Vice President Republic Indonesia  Secretariat of the Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia  
Mr. Sandhi Imam Maulana  Cooperation Analyst  International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Catur Endah Prasetiani Pamungkas  Director of Social Forestry Business Development  Directorate General of Social Forestry and Environmental Partnership  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Rima Purnamayani  Coordinator of Collaboration and Assessment Empowerment  Indonesian Center for Agricultural Technology Assessment and Development  Indonesia Agency of Agricultural Research and Development  
Ms. Ima Yudin Rayaningtyas  Policy Analyst  Bureau of International Cooperation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Muhamad Ryan Sandria  Media Analysis and Partnership Administrator  Public Relation Bureau  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Agung Triwibowo  Aide to the Minister  Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries  
Mr. Achmad Gunawan Widjaksono  Director for Hazardous Waste and non Hazardous Substances Management  Directorate of Hazardous Waste and non Hazardous Substances Management  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Iran (Islamic Republic of) 
Mr. Ali Salajegheh  Vice President and Head of Iran's Department of Environment  Department of Environment  
Ms. Sahar Tajbakhsh Mosalman  
Mr. Ahmad Rajabi  
Mr. Javad Abou  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohammad Aeeni  
Ms. Seyedeh Elham Azizi  Head of National Center of Air and Climate Change  DOE  
Mr. Jalal Bahreini  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Haideh Ghorban Beigi  Deputy chief for International affairs and conventions center  Department of Environment  
Mr. Hassan Jangavar  Specialist of Clean Energy and Environment Division  Presidency Center for Progress and Development  
Mr. Reza Javanmardi  Department of Environment  
Mr. Seyed Hossein Mousavifar  
Ms. Sheyda Nematollahi Sarvestani  Expert of Climate Change Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ehsan Taebi  Translator/Interpreter  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ehsan Taghavinejad  Head of Energy Studies Dept, OPEC and Energy Fora  Ministry of Petroleum  
Iraq 
Ms. Asma Osamah Abdulrahman AL-Ani  Member of Iraq Conical of Representatives  Iraq Conical of representatives  
H.E. Mr. Jasim Abdulazeez Hammadi Al-Mohammedi  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohan Hashim Thalab AL-Saedi  Member of Iraq Conical of Representatives  Iraq Conical of representatives  
Mr. Basim Khudhair Kadhim Alghurabi  Member of Iraq Conical of Representatives  Iraq Conical of representatives  
H.E. Mr. Fuad Mohammad Hussein Hussein  Deputy Prime Minister /Minister of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Majid Khalaf Hammo Masttoo  Member of Iraq Conical of Representatives  Iraq Conical of representatives  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Nayif Rasheed Rasheed  Ambassador  Embassy of Iraq in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Abdulatif M.Jamal Rashid Rashid  President of Iraq  
H.E. Mr. Fareed Yasseen  Climate Envoy and Prime Minister’s Advisor on Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Ali Fahmi Hasan Al-Tameemi  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohammed Abdullah Bahjat Itbi  Embassy of Iraq in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Iraq (continued) 
Ms. Lamyaa Kadhim Abbas Abbas  General Director  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Suzan Iden Abdulkader Abdulkader  First Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tallal Badr Abdullah Abdullah  Legal Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohammed Hameed Abdulmaged Abdulmaged  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Mr. Abdullah M.A.Alrazzaq Abdulrazzaq  Technical Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Darya Fadhil Ali Afandi  Iraqi Presidency  
Ms. Bushra Ali Ahmed Ahmed  General Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Fadi Falah Ahmed Ahmed  Third - Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Firas Rasool Mohammed Al-Abdulrasool  
Mr. Ahmed Ali Ahmed Al-AliAL-Hasoon  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Abbas Taya Masood AL-Anbagi  Legal Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Inas Akram Radeef Al-Ani  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ammar Jaber Mohammed AL-Atta  Adviser  Iraq Conical of representatives  
Mr. Waeil Naseer Kadhim AL-Azzawi  Attache  Iraqi Embassy in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Rawya Mezaal Mhmood Al-Azzawi  General Director  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Tahsin Alwan Aena AL-Badri  President Advisor  Iraqi Presidency  
Ms. Mena Aiad Galal Al-Batiaty  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Anaam Thabit Khaleel Al-Bayati  Environmental Awareness and Media Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Oday Hadi Haddawee AL-Bayati  International Environmental Relations Department  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Hiyam Abdulsada Jebur AL-Behadili  Technical Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Abdulzahra Z.Abdulsahib AL-Behadili  Office of President  
Mr. Salah Jalal Mohialdeen AL-Dahlaki  Office of the President  
Ms. Taghreed Ahmed Salih Al-Darraji  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Saif Mohammed Salih Al-Dhoi  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Anwar Sabeeh Fakher AL-Farttoosi  Iraq Presidency  
Mr. Essa Raheem Dakheel Al-Fayadh  General Director  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ali Mohammed Resen Al-Furaiji  Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Ahmed Dawood Salman Al-Gburi  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohammed Hasab Jaafar AL-Ghanimi  Office of the President  
Ms. Halah Fouad Salih Al-haddad  Climate Change Center  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Alaa Qasim Mohammed Al-husseini  International Environment Relations Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Jaber Khalaf Awad Al-Jaberi  Former Member of Parliament  
Ms. Bushra Abdulmajeed Ahmed Al-jadooa  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Ms. Media Abdulaziz Othman Al-jaff  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Ameera Omran Hussein Al-janaby  
Mr. Anees Hatem Hasan Al-Juboori  Technical Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Falih Khabeer Taher Al-Juwaibrawi  Office of the President  
Mr. Ali Ekhter Ahmed Al-Kadhimi  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Mr. Saif Mohammed Jasim AL-Khazraji  Legal Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Labib Nashat Labib Al-Khudairy  Embassy of Iraq in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Ghufran D. Abdulhussein Al-Mahdawi  Ministry of Water Resources  
Mr. Safaa Thamer Rasham Al-Mandawi  Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Mohammed Tareq Hasan AL-Mashahedah  Office of the President  
Mr. Alaa Turki Khudhair AL-Masoodi  Ministry of Water Resource  
Iraq (continued) 
Mr. Zeyad Ghazi Ibrahim AL-Muhee  Iraq Conical of representatives  
Mr. Mustafa Maath Abduljabbar AL-Niami  Third - Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hassanin Mahdi Fadhel AL-Obaidi  Federal Board Of Supreme Audit  
Mr. Mohammed Nazar Dawood Al-Obaidi  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Lamyaa Jaafar Gshoosh Al-Qassam  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Mr. Thaer Qasim Hassan Al-Raaebawi  
Mr. Hassan Kadhim Turki Al-Rubaye  Embassy of Iraq in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Zainab Zamil Jumaah Al-Saedi  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Shaymaa Abbas Hwerif AL-Saedi  Federal Board Of Supreme Audit  
Ms. Reem Hazim Khalis Al-Saffar  
Mr. Ahmed Hameed Farhan Al-Sayed  Embassy of Iraq in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Abduladheem Kareem Ghafil AL-Saymaree  General Directorate  The General Company for the Transport of Passengers and Delegations  Ministry of Transportation  
Mr. Kadhim Mohammed Azeez AL-Shammari  General Director  Federal Board Of Supreme Audit  
Ms. Raghdaa Ali Thabit Al-Shawk  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Hazim Saddam Maohammed AL-Sudani  Iraqi Embassy in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Hasan Ashour AL-Taie  Minister's Office  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Saleemah Hadi Shamkhi Al-Wuhaili  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohammed Abbas Kadhim Al-Zubaidi  International Environment Relations Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohammed Jabbar Ajrash Al-Zuraiji  Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Ibrahim Mohammed Taher Albarazanchi  Ministry of Endowment and Religious Affairs Kurdistan  
Mr. Sattar Abdulridha Atiyah Alfarag  National Climate Change Center  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ahmed Raheem Abed Algodi  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Abdulllah Mohammed Ali Ali  Counselor  Office of President  
Mr. Husham Khudhair Ali Ali  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Aqeel Jalal Ali Jan Ali Jan  Office of the President  
Ms. Samar Yousif Issa Alkhno  National Climate Chang Center  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Sarab Wajaan Ajel Alnawadi  Director of International Environment Relations Department  International Environment Relations Department  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Neam Nabeel Hashim Alqaseer  Biologist/ PhD  Office of the Climate Envoy and Prime Minister’s Advisor on Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Abdulbaqi Khalaf Ali Alsalait  Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Alaa Musa Ali Alshubber  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Mr. Adnan Abbas Abdulnabi Alskukri  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Mr. Naser Owaid Atiyah Atiyah  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Seerwan M Jihad Abdulwahid Baban  The Office of the Presidency of the Kurdistan Region  
Mr. Kameran Ali Hasan Blbas  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Hastyar Asaad Baper Blbas  Ministry of Transport and Communications Kurdistan  
Mr. Srood Ahmed Faqi Yousif Faqi Yousif  Ministry of Industry and Trade Kurdistan  
Mr. Mohanad Ghazi Salman Farttoosi  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Nadheer Abood Fazaa Fazaa  National Expert  
Mr. Ziwar Saber Habib Habib  Ministry of Education Kurdistan  
Mr. Aws Hasan Hadi Hadi  Office of the President  
Ms. Govar Mohammed Hamasharif Hamasharif  Investment Commissions Kurdistan  
Mr. Jamal Mustafa Hamza Hamza  Iraqi Embassy in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Bashar Hanna Iysho Hanna  Translator  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Hasan Rashid Hasan Harethi  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Mr. Naseer Hamid Hassan Hassan  Legal Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Iraq (continued) 
Mr. Raed Khaleel Ibraheem Ibraheem  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Mr. Rasool Sabah Ibrahim Ibrahim  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Halkawt Abdalrahman Ismail Ismail  Ministry of Agriculture and Water Resources Kurdistan  
Ms. Sahar Hussein Jasim Jasim  National Climate Change Center  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Sagvan Murad Jindy Jindy  General Director  Iraq Presidency  
Mr. Asaad Kareem Jkul Jkul  Ministry of the Interior / Kurdistan  
Ms. Sundus Sameer Jumaah Jumaah  Governorate of Anbar  
Ms. Suhad Mohammed Kadhim Kadhim  Technical Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mohammed Abbas Saifullah Kalaools  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Farooq Hasan Khalaf Khalaf  Iraq Conical of representatives  
Mr. Nazar Mohammed Saeed Kinji  Director of Office of President  Office of President  
Mr. Noor Oudah Kshash Kshash  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Adnan Jerri Luti Luti  General Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mustafa Abdulmunem Mhawesh Mhawesh  Iraq Presidency  
Mr. Fraidoon H. Mohamedhusein Mohamedhusein  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Heval Ahmed Mohammed Mohammed  Environment Protection and Improvement Authority in the Kurdistan Region  
Mr. Chenar Khalid Mohammed Mohammed  Office of the President  
Mr. Abdulameer Hammood Qasim Mohammedawi  Iraqi Presidency  
Mr. Yahya Sattar M.Hasan Mohammedhasan  Iraqi Presidency  
Mr. Mohanad Ayoob Mustafa Mustafa  Environment Protection& Improvement Board Kurdistan  
Mr. Rebeen Najat Mustafa Mustafa  Office of the President  
Mr. Mustafa Mahmood Mustafa Mustafa  Manager  National Climate Change Center  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Luqman Saber Mustafa Mustafa  Ministry of Electricity  
Mr. Dilon Saleem Shamoon Nabaty  Environment Protection and Improvement Authority in the Kurdistan Region  
Ms. Rana Suhail Najm Najm  Technical Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ayad Kadhim Merza Nassrullah  Legal Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Methaq Abdulhussein Obaid Obaid  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Chalak Sabah Omar Omar  Presidents Escort  Office of the President  
Mr. Omar Ghazi Rasheed Rasheed  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Ms. Sarah Jabbar Gatea Saleem  Ministry of Construction, Housing and Public Municipalities  
Mr. Ahmed Mahdi Saleh Saleh  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Jaleel Hussein Salman Salman  Technical Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Amer Obaid Saud Saud  Planning and Follow-up ]Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Zayoor Anwer Yaseen Shwan  Office of the President  
Mr. Sardar Kareem Smail Smail  Ministry of Planning in Kurdistan  
Mr. Saddam Qahtan Waheed Waheed  Ministry of Water Resources  
Mr. Mustafa Wajdi Jalal Wajdi  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Yousif Muayad Yousif  Focal Point of Iraq  Office of the Climate Envoy and Prime Minister’s Advisor on Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. sarah Duraid Ahmed Zangana  Technical Director  Minister of Environment  
Ms. Anwar Hameed Abbas Zubaidi  Ministry of Industry and Minerals  
Ireland 
Mr. Micheál Martin  Taoiseach  Department of the Taoiseach  Ireland  
Mr. Brian Timothy Carroll  Assistant Secretary, Climate  Department of the Environment, Climate and Communications  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Eamon Ryan  Minister  Department of Environment, Climate and Communications  Ireland  
Mr. Colm Brophy  Minister of State  Department of Foreign Affairs  Ireland  
Ireland (continued) 
Mr. Simon Coveney  Minister for Foreign Affairs  Department of Foreign Affairs; Department of Defence  Ireland  
Ms. Emer Griffin  AP, International Climate  Department of the Environment, Climate and Communications  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Niall McLoughlin  Principal Officer  Department of the Environment, Climate and Communications  Government of Ireland  
Mr. Mohamed Fouad Abdalmajeed Mohammed  Staff Member  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland  
Ms. Lousi Anto Sanjian  Embassy Staff  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland Cairo  
Ms. Cara Augustenborg  Member  Climate Change Advisory Council  
Ms. Helen Blake  Assistant Secretary  Department of the Taoiseach  Ireland  
Mr. Liam Brennan  Agricultural Inspector  Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine  
Ms. Claire Camilleri  Climate Change Advisory Council Secretariat  
Ms. Louise Campion  Programme Manager - International Research  Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland  
Ms. Oilean Carter Stritch  Youth Representative  National Youth Council of Ireland  
Mr. Paul Sean Clarkson  Government Press Secretary  Department of the Taoiseach  Ireland  
Mr. Martin Timothy Collins  Legal Adviser  Legal Unit  Department of Communications Climate Action and Environment  
Ms. Anna Conlan  Chief of Staff  Department of the Taoiseach  Green Party / Comhaontas Glas  
Ms. Marie Donnelly  Chair  CCAC  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Christopher Donoghue  Special Advisor Communications Director  Dept. of Foreign Affairs  Ireland  
Ms. Tara Donohoe  AO  Department of the Environment Climate and Communications  Government  
Ms. Katherine Dooley  Office of Environment and Sustainability  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Ciarán Doyle  Private Secretary to Minister for Foreign Affairs  Dept. of Foreign Affairs  Ireland  
Mr. Cillian Francis Doyle  Principal Officer  Department of the Taoiseach  Ireland  
Ms. Maura Duffy  Private Secretary  Department of the Taoiseach  Ireland  
Mr. Michael Gaffey  Director General  Department of Foreign Affairs  Government of Ireland  
Ms. Deirdre Máire Gillane  Chief of Staff  Department of the Taoiseach  Ireland  
Ms. Margaret Anne Griffin  Private Secretary to Min. of State  Dept. of Foreign Affairs  Ireland  
Ms. Edel Hackett  Press Advisor  Department of the Environment, Climate and Communications  Government of Ireland  
Mr. John Hanley  Research Meteorologist  Met Eireann  
Ms. Emma Hickey  Deputy Head of Mission  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland  
Ms. Jennifer Hobbs  Deputy Director of Climate Unit  Department of Foreign Affairs  Government of Ireland  
Mr. George Hussey  Secretariat Manager  Climate Change Advisory Council Secretariat  Climate Change Advisory Council  
Mr. Ibrahim Monzer Ibrahim Elwazer  Embassy Staff  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland Cairo  
Mr. Norman King  Security  An Garda Síochána  
Mr. Keith Lambkin  Head of Climate Services  Met Eireann  
Ms. Gina Magdy George Younan  Embassy Officer  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland Cairo  
Ms. Monica Magdy William Yanny  Embassy Staff  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland Cairo  
Ms. Margie McCarthy  Director of Research & Policy Insights  Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland  
Mr. Frank McGovern  Chief Climate Scientist  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Maeve McLynn  Development Specialist  Department of Foreign Affairs  Ireland  
Ireland (continued) 
Mr. Mohamed Salaheldin Mohamed Elboghdady  Staff Member  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland  
Mr. David Murphy  Deputy Director  Department of Foreign Affairs  Climate Unit  
Ms. Priscilla Ni Cheallaigh  Administrative Officer  Department of Environment, Climate and Communications  Government of Ireland  
Ms. Alma NÍ Choigligh  Advisor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs  Dept. of Foreign Affairs  Ireland  
Ms. Nuala O'Brien  Ambassador  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland  
Mr. Anthony O'Grady  Private Secretary to Minister Eamon Ryan  Department of the Environment, Climate and Communications  Ireland  
Mr. Cathal O'Hagan  Consul  Department of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Ireland  
Mr. Colin O'Hehir  Head of Unit  Dept. of Health  Ireland  
Mr. Cian O'Rourke  Administrative Officer  Department of Health  Ireland  
Mr. Conor Quinlan  Senior Manager  Office of Environmental Sustainability  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Fiona Ralph  Assistant Principal Officer  Dept of Finance  Ireland  
Ms. Mary Frances Rochford  Programme Manager  Office of Environmental Sustainability  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Paul Ryan  Head of Division  Department of Finance  Ireland  
Ms. Tara Shine  Environmental Scientist and Director of Change by Degrees Ltd  Change by Degrees Ltd  
Ms. Sinead Walsh  Director Climate Unit  Department of Foreign Affairs  Ireland  
Ms. Gwen Wordingham  Desk Officer  Department of Foreign Affairs  Climate Unit  
Ms. Stacy Wrenn  AO, International Climate  Department of the Environment, Climate, Communications  Ireland  
Israel 
H.E. Mr. Isaac Herzog  President of Israel  
Mr. Gideon Behar  Special Envoy for Climate Change and Sustainability  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
H.E. Ms. Karine Elharrar  Minister  Ministry of Energy  
H.E. Ms. Orit Farkash Hacohen  Minister  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
H.E. Mr. Esawi Frej  Minister  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
H.E. Mr. Yair Lapid  Prime Minister  PMO  
H.E. Ms. Merav Michaeli  Minister  Ministry of Transport and Road Safety  
H.E. Ms. Yifat Shasha Biton  Minister of Education  Ministry of Education  
H.E. Ms. Tamar Zandberg  Minister of Environmental Protection  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Uriel Babczyk  Director of sustainable energy department  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Noga Kronfeld-Schor  Professor Chief Scientist  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Galit Aber Harary  Foreign Relations&International Cooperation  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Raslan Abu Rukun  Deputy Chief of Mission  Embassy of Israel  
Ms. Noga Adler  Ministry of Welfare and Social Affairs  
Ms. Shir Sandra Afik Sela  Office of the President  
Ms. Hila Aloni  Director of Communications and Media Relations, Spokesperson  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Azrikam Amram  Senior Coordinator Long Term Strategic Policy Planning  Ministry of Energy  
H.E. Mr. Zvi Aviner-Vapni  
Ms. Rebecca Avraham  Head of New Media  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Eyal Azoulay  Director of Coordination and Logistics Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Anne Baer  Senior Advisor Environment, Climate and Technology  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
Israel (continued) 
Mr. Itshak Bar  National Security Council  
Ms. Sharon Barfy-Michaeli  Responsible for national service  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Efrat Behar Netanel  Advisor to DG  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Lior  Ben Dor   Head of Middle East division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. David Ben Kalifa  Embassy of Israel - Cairo  
Ms. Adi Ben Mordehay  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Liad Ben-Uri  Ministry of Defense  
Ms. Nili Benguigui  Head of social media  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Gilad Berger Rom  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tamar Berman  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Dror Bin  CEO  Israel Innovation Authority  
Mr. Ran Binyamin  finance  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Netta Rivka Blass  International Dairy Federation  
Ms. Moran Blaychfeld Magnazi  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Assaf Avraham Bracha  Head of Department Budgert anagement Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Hanan Brand  VP, Startup Division  Israel Innovation Authority  
Mr. Yishai Carmeli  International Dairy Federation  
Ms. Stav Cohen  Office of the Director General  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Elazar  Cohen  Project supervisor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Dekel Cohen  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Galit Cohen  Director General  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Tom Dan Danino  Deputy Director General  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Ido Daniel  Senior Director for Digital Strategy and Partnerships  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Sharon Bilha David  Director of International Relations Department  Ministry of Transport and Road Safety  
Mr. Ramez Diab  Finance  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Stav Yosefa Dimand  Advisor the the Minister  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Shahar Dolev  Long term planning  Policy Planning and Strategy Division  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Abraham Yaakov Domb  Chief Scientist  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Ms. Dalit Dror  Head of the Legal Department  Legal Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Shani Edri- Amran  Head of International Relations Department  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Amit Efrati  Deputy Director General for External Relations and Regional Projects  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
Mr. Diaa EL Sherbiny  Embassy of Israel - Cairo  
Mr. Opher Eliashar  Deputy Director General of Economics, Budget and Strategy  Ministry of Transport and Road Safety  
Mr. Lidor Elimeleh  Office of the President  
Mr. Ido Elyah  Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Ronit Endevelt  Ministry of Health  
Ms. Orel Dvora Errera  Office of the President  
Mr. Barak Ettinger  Advisor to the markets division  Bank of Israel  
Ms. Maya Etzioni  Spokesperson  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Aviv Ezra  Deputy Head of MASHAV, Head of Bureau for International Development and Projects  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Alaa Fakhouri  Head of Renewable Energy Dpeartment  Electricity Authority  
Ms. Sarai Fang-Segev  Advisor to the DG  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Jonathan Florsheim  Israel Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Gideon Friedmann  Chief Scientist  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Mohammed Gaber  Economic Officer  Embassy of Israel - Cairo  
Mr. Lior Gallo  Energy and Environmental Economist  Bank of Israel  
Mr. Adiel Eliezer Gamliel  Sustainability Development & ESG director  Netivei Israel – National Transport Infrastructure Company  
Israel (continued) 
Mr. Gedi Ganir-Abadi  Director of Reference Scenarios  National Emergency Management Authority  Ministry of Defense  
Ms. Orit Ganor  Head of the Foreign Affairs Department  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Tal Asher Gelbart  
Ms. Daniella Nicola Gera Margaliot  Deputy Director General for Smart Mobility  Ministry of Transport and Road Safety  
Mr. Mustafa Ghadir  Embassy of Israel - Cairo  
Mr. Ariel Gilboa  National Security Council  
Mr. Lior Gliko  Security  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Natalie  Golan  Administration Coordinator  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Yana-Indy Greenman  VP for Planning, Policy & Stretagy  Electricity Authority  
Mr. Daniel Ben Zion Greenwald Shapira  Deputy Director General- Regulation  The Government Water and Sewage Authority  
Ms. Anat Grimberg  Director of Planning Department  National Emergency Management Authority  Ministry of Defense  
Mr. Menashe Hagai Gross  Director of Social and Youth Administration  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Lior Haimovich  Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Avital Halle Eshet  Head of Economic Policy  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Gaya Harari Heit  Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Mr. Hussam Harb  Press Attache  Embassy of Israel  
Ms. Sharon Hatzor  Head of Strategy, Policy and Planing  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Shahar Heller  International Dairy Federation  
Ms. Lior Herman  Senior Advisor to Director General  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
Mr. Naor Ihia  Office of the President  
Mr. Ahmad Jabarin  Spokesman for the Arab Media  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
Mr. Hasan Kaabia  Spokesman of Arab Media  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Yael Kachel  Research, Economy and Strategy Division  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Isabella Karakis Sukamet  Head of Environmental Epidemiology Dep.  Public Heath Services  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Nimrod Karmi  Media Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Oz Katz  Head  Environment & Sustainable Development Administration  Ministry of Economy  
Ms. Na'ama Kaufman-Fass  Director General  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Isaac Kedem  Senior Coordinator – Energy and Climate Change  Minstry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Iris Gilmor Keshet  Director of Science Division and Climate Change Education  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Shai Kishik  Protocol Officer  PMO  
Mr. Yuval Laster  Deputy Director General Policy and strategy  Policy and Strategy Division  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Yaakov Avraham Lavy   IT  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Shira Lev- Ami  Israel National Digital Agency  
Mr. Oz Levi  VP of Electriciy and Regulation Division  Electricity Authority  
Ms. Michal Levy  Chief Scientist  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Peleg Pablo Lewi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yechezkel Lifshitz  Director General  The Government Water and Sewage Authority  
Ms. Neta Lipman  Senior Deputy Director General of Natural Resources & Climate Resilience  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Ariel Lodzki  Spokesperson to the Minister  Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  
Ms. Mona Massalha  Director of Economic Analysis  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
Mr. Omer Miron  Official Photographer  PMO  
Israel (continued) 
Mr. Roey Moalem  Budgeter  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Iddo Moed  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Refael  Morav  Ambassador, Economic Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Avi Moshe  Deputy Director of the Finance Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Orit Moshe – Walf  Official Guests Department Protocol of the state of Israel  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Ori Nachmani  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Emmanuel Nahshon   Deputy Director General for Public Diplomacy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Ran  Natanzon  Head of Innovation  Public Diplomacy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Shulamit Nezer  Senior deputy director general industries &licensing  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Meital Nir Tal  Adv.  Office of the Legal Adviser  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Ronit Nudelman Perl  Director of the Civil Diplomacy Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Adir Oren  Chief Arabic Content Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Hagit Oren-Most  MOD  
Mr. Uri Oron  Director  Israel Space Agency  
Ms. Amira Oron  Ambassador- Cairo  Embassy of Israel  
Ms. Yael Patir  Minister's Chief of Staff  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
Mr. Jonathan Peled  Deputy Director General- Latin America  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Ofer Peleg  Director of the Finance Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Karin Peretz  Senior Director of Foreign Relation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Israela Peri Probstein  Vice Director of Budget Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Gitit Pinkas Helmer  Spokesperson  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Gil Proaktor  Head of Climate Change Policy  Air Quality and Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Rogel  Rachman  Director- Information & Civil Society Dept.  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Orly Rahimiyan  Senior Analyst  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Ran Raiz  Advisor to the CEO  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Yael Ravia-Zadok  Deputy Director General, Head of Economic Affairs Division, Economics Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Tamar Raviv Navah  Head of Biodiversity and Open Spaces Division  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Tomer Eliyahu Reichman  
Ms. Michal Reisfeld  VP Marketing and Communication  Israel Innovation Authority  
Ms. Madlen Ron  MOD  
Ms. Ayelet Rosen  Head Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Naama Rosen Grimberg  
Ms. Moran Sabag  Diplomatic delegation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Msaud Safe  Local salries department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Ahmad Salalha  Finance Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. David Saranga  Director of the Digital Diplomacy Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Tiran Sasson  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Adam Schalimtzek  Head of International Relation  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Lior Schillat  Director General  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Tamar Schwarzbard  Head of Digital Operations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Eli Schwarzer  
Mr. Tomer Segalovich  Chief of Staff  Israel Innovation Authority  
Ms. Noa Shabtai Wizer  Events and Conferences Manager  Israel Innovation Authority  
Ms. Janet Shalom  Head of planing and policy  Ministry of Energy  
Israel (continued) 
Ms. Rotem Shamay  Policy and strategy  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Nir Sharf  Official Photographer  PMO  
Mr. Amir Shavit  Chairman  Electricity Authority  
Ms. Eynat Shlein  Head of MASHAV, Deputy Director General  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Eyal Shviki  
Ms. Sharona Sides  Senior representative of the Population and Immigration Authority  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Offer Simha  International Accreditation Forum Inc.  
Mr. Shay Soffer  Chief Scientist  Ministry of Transport and Road Safety  
Ms. Dalit Stauber  Director General  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Nir Stav  Director of the Meteorological Service  Ministry of Transport and Road Safety  
Ms. Yael Storz Peretz  Head- Surface Water Department  The Government Water and Sewage Authority  
Mr. Shady Taha  Minister's Advisor  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
Ms. Tali Tessler  Professional Consultant  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Alon Ushpiz  DG Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Naama Wald  Senior Coordinator – Energy and Climate Change  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Amir Weissbrod  Head of Bureau UN and Int’l Organizations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Ms. Orli Weitzman  Policy Advisor to DG  Ministry of Foreign Affairs Israel  
Mr. Daniel Werner  Foreign Relations&International Cooperation  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Rahel Wuvshet (Tebay)  Director of Projects and International Relations  The Ministry for Regional Cooperation  
Mr. Binyamin Yaacoby  Soil Conservation and Drainage  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Noa Yaffe  Israel Innovation Authority  
Mr. Moshe Yanai Axelrod  Central Bureau of Statistics  
Ms. Noa Yayon Rechter  Professional Consultant  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Meirav Yosef  Senior Division Manager, Consumerism and Supervision  Electricity Authority  
Mr. Haim Zach  Official Photographer  PMO  
Mr. Uri Zuk-Bar  Research Economy ans Strategy  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Italy 
Mr. Alessandro Modiano  Director General  Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Giorgia Meloni  Prime Minister  Presidency Council of Ministers  
H.E. Mr. Gilberto Pichetto Fratin  Minister  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Federica Fricano  Director Div. III – International Strategies for Sustainable Development and Climate Change  Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Fabrizio Alfano  Deputy Head of Press Office  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Giuseppe Astolfi  Safety  Protection Management Office  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Filippo Attili  Official photographer  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Enrico Barbato  Head of section of Ecological Transition  Directorate General of globalization Office III  Ministry for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Federico Benvenuti  National Contact Point LIFE Italia  Directorate for European and International Activities - Div. II  Italian Ministry of Ecological Transition (IMET)  
Ms. Gisella Berardi  Senior Advisor  Department of Treasury – International Financial Relations Directorate  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. Angelo Bonelli  Member of Parliament  Environment, Territory and Public Works Commission  Chamber of Deputies  
Mr. Eugenio Bortolusso  Foreign Ceremonial  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Italy (continued) 
Ms. Chiara Braga  Member of Parliament  Member of Environment, Territory and Public Works Commission  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Maria Teresa Calabrò  Official  International relations  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Elisa Calliari  Researcher  Risk Assessment and Adaptation Strategies  Euro-Mediterranean Centre on Climate Change  
Mr. Marco Cardoni  Counsellor  Political Office  Embassy of Italy in Cairo  
Ms. Cristiana Carletti  Expert  Equal Opportunities  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Manlio Castagna  Escort service  Protection Management Office  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Giovanni Celentano  Foreign Ceremonial  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Giuseppe Cioeta  Institutional Communication Office and Media Relator  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Carlo Cucci  Escort service  Protection Management Office  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Andrea Cuccia  administrative officer  Ministry of Infrastructure and Transportation  
Ms. Barbara D'Angelo  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Paolo D'Aprile  Head of Department  PNRR Unit  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Loredana Dall'Ora  Expert  T.A. Sogesid at the Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Viviana De Falco  Official  Directorate General for European and International Activities (EIA)  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Riccardo De Lauretis  Expert  Department for Environmental Assessment, Monitoring and Sustainability  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Mr. Bruno Della Gala  Foreign Ceremonial  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Alessandro D’Angelo  Male nurse  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Ms. Marta Ellena  Policy Advisor  Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change Foundation  
Mr. Ernesto Fino  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Rocchi Francesca  organization and logistics expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at Directorate General European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Carmen Gangale  National Contact Point LIFE Italia  Directorate for European and International Activities - Div. II  Italian Ministry of Ecological Transition (IMET)  
Mr. Jacopo Gattanella  First Secretary of Embassy  Economic Office  Embassy of Italy in Cairo  
Mr. Antonino Salvatore Germana'  Senator  Senate of the Republic  
Ms. Paola Geronzi  Organization and Logistics Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Roberta Ianna  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Giovanna Ianniello  Head of the Institutional Communication Coordination Office  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Reda Kamal Youssef  Interpreter  Embassy of Italy in Cairo  
Ms. Bruna Kohan  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General European and International Activity+39  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Pasqua L'Abbate  Member of Parliament and Vice President  Environment, Territory and Public Works Commission  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Vanessa Leonardi  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Debora Lepre  Deputy Diplomatic Advisor  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Italy (continued) 
Ms. Valentina Maiolini  Interpreter  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Federico Mannoni  Expert  T.A. Sogesid Spa at the Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Giulia Mantini  Counsellor  Political Office  Embassy of Italy in Cairo  
Mr. Giuseppe Manzo  Diplomatic Counsellor of the Minister  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Silvia Massimi  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate of European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Enrica Mazzetti  Member of Parliament  Environment, Territory and Public Works Commission  Chamber of Deputies  
Ms. Manuela Mischitelli  Public Officer  Department of the Treasury - Directorate IV – International Financial Relations  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Ms. Delaram Moghaddam Saman  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at Directorate General European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Giuseppe Napoli  Safety  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Alessandro Dionisio Negrin  Senior Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Ilaria Nuti  Interpreter  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Vincenzo Antonio Ortega  Ministry of Infrastructure and Transportation  
Mr. Lorenzo Ortona  Office of the Diplomatic Council  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Ms. Karima Oustadi  Official  Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Annalidia Pansini  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at Directorate General European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Giorgia Partenope  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Fabrizio Pelagalli  Lt Colonel  Presidency Council of Ministers  
Mr. Alessandro Giuliano Peru  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Lucia Perugini  Expert  Division on Climate Change Impacts on Agriculture, Forests and Ecosystem  Euro-Mediterranean Center on Climate Change  
Mr. Francesco Piazza  Head of the State Ceremonial  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Ms. Sara Pinzani  Official  Directorate General for European and International Activities (EIA)  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Vincenzo Pisano  Safety  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Federico Guglielmo Pommier Vincelli  Parliamentary secretary  International Affairs Service of the Senate  Senate of the Republic  
H.E. Mr. Michele Quaroni  Ambassador  Embassy of Italy in Cairo  
Mr. Emanuele Raco  Spokesperson for the Minister  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Francesco Rampa  Head - Sustainable Food Systems  European Centre for Development Policy Management  
Ms. Luana Randazzo  Interpreter of the Minister  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Marcello Ranucci  Director  Treasury  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. Alessandro Robotti  Escort service  Protection Management Office  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Ms. Daniela Romano  Expert  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Ms. Marianna Ronchini  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Roberta Ronzitti  Director- Div. I International Environmental Cooperation  DIrectorate General of European and International Activity  Minsitry of Ecological Transition  
Italy (continued) 
Mr. Stefano Salomoni  Energy Expert  Directorate General for Globalization and Global Issues - Office III  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Patrizia Scurti  Head of the president's secretariat  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Ms. Roberta Spada  Private Secretary to the Minister and Head of the Secretariat  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Mauro Livio Spadavecchia  Counsellor  Cooperation for Development  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Marco Strincone  Expert  National Research Council (CNR) c/o Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Elena Tadiello  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at the Directorate General European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Mr. Francesco Maria Talo’  Consigliere Diplomatico  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Ms. Antonella Tornato  Researcher  National Environmental Information System Division  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Mr. Alessandro Tundo  Safety  Protection Management Office  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Ms. Raffaella Valentini  Office of the Diplomatic Council  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Vincenzo Ventra  Official  Directorate General for European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Brunella Vercelli  Coordinator of the competent medical office  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Ms. Emanuela Vignola  Expert  Sogesid Technical Unit at Directorate General European and International Activity  Ministry of Ecological Transition  
Ms. Marina Vitullo  Expert  Emissions Estimation, Air Pollution and Climate Change Prevention Unit: GHG Inventory  Italian National Institute for Environmental Protection and Research  
Jamaica 
Mr. Omar Yuvual Alcock  Senior Technical Officer, Mitigation  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Economic Growth and Job Creation  
Ms. Una May Gordon  Principal Director, Climate Change  Climate Change Division  Government of Jamaica  
H.E. Mr. Matthew Peter Samuda  Minister  Ministry of Economic Growth & Job Creation  Government of Jamaica  
Ms. Le-Anne Roper  Senior Technical Officer Adaptation  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Housing Urban Renewal Environment & Climate Change  
Ms. Keslyn Gilbert-Stoney  Jamaica Social Investment Fund  
Mr. Tyrone Christopher Hall  
Mr. Ainsley Adrian Henry  CEO & Conservator of Forest  Forestry  Government of Jamaica  
Mr. Wayne Henry  Director General  Ministry of Finance  Planning Institute of Jamaica  
Ms. Taneque Heslop  Climate Change  Government of Jamaica  
Mr. Omar Hanif McFarlane Sweeney  Managing Director  Government of Jamaica  Jamaica Social Investment Fund  
Mr. Clehan Barrow Williams  Ministers Office  Government of Jamaica  
Japan 
H.E. Mr. Akihiro Nishimura  Minister of the Environment  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Takeshi Akahori  Ambassador, Director-General for Global Issues  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Toshihiro Kitamura  Ambassador for Climate Change Negotiation, Deputy Director-General  International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kazushi Izuchi  Principal Senior Negotiator for Climate Change  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yuji Mizuno  Senior Negotiator for Climate Change  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Toru Sugio  Senior Negotiator for Climate Change  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Japan (continued) 
Mr. Yoshiaki Makino  Deputy Director  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Shiori Kusumoto  Deputy Director  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tomonobu Sato  Deputy Director  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Shota Suzuki  Official  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Takafumi Kikuchi  Official  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Miki Imai  Official  Climate Change Division, International Cooperation Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Takahiro Hasegawa  Counsellor  Embassy of Japan in Germany  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Keita Suzuki  First Secretary  The Mission of Japan to the European Union  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Takashi Mizushina  First Secretary  The Permanent Mission of Japan to the International Organaizations in Geneva  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Ryoko Iijima  First secretary  Embassy of Japan in the United Arab Emirates  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Hiroshi Oka  Ambassador  Embassy of Japan in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yuichiro Yoshimura  Second Secretary  Embassy of Japan in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kurato Kato  Second Secretary  Embassy of Japan in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Rie Motani  Third Secretary  Embassy of Japan in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sachika Izumi  Administrative Staff  Embassy of Japan in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hiroshi Ono  Vice-Minister for Global Environmental Affairs  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Keiko Segawa  Deputy Director-General Global Environment Affairs  Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Hiroko Aotake  Director  Office of Climate Change Negotiation, International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Masato Ohkawa  Official  Personnel Division,Ministry's Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Tetsuya Takagi  Official  Personnel Division,Ministry's Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Yuki Kobayashi  Official  Personnel Division,Ministry's Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Kenta Kojima  Inspector  VIP Protection Division Security Bureau  Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department  
Mr. Kotaro Kawamata  Director  International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Rina Kubota  Researcher  Regional Policy Division, Minister's Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Akihiko Haga  Official  Climate change policy division,Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Ryosuke Kando  Researcher  International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Sae Yamamoto  Official  International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Takeo Sugii  Director  Public Relations Office  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Kentaro Hiura  Official  Public Relations Office  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Shoko Suzuki  Researcher  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainable Infrastructure, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Eiko Koike  Researcher  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainable Infrastructure, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Japan (continued) 
Mr. Kazuhisa Koakutsu  Director of International Negotiations  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainable Infrastructure, Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Takaaki Ito  Deputy Director  Office of Climate Change Negotiation International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Sadamitsu Sakoguchi  Assistant Director  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainable Infrastructure, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Takayuki Shigematsu  Techinical Official  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainable Infrastructure, Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Muneki Adachi  Official  International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Yuko Yoshida  Deputy Director  Climate Change Adaptation Office, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Daisuke Kofukuda  Deputy Director  Decarbonized Society Promotion Office, Policy and Coordination Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Erika Yamada  Deputy Director  Office of Climate Change Negotiation International Strategy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hiroyuki Ikeda  Official  Office of Climate Change Negotiation International Strategy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Katsutoshi Ito  Director  Project Management Office, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Ryo Takatani  Official  International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Yuya Tanigawa  Official  Decarbonized Society Promotion Office, Policy and Coordination Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Daiki Koizumi  Official  Global Environment Bureau General Affairs Division  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Yuya Hirano  Researcher  Regional Decarbonization Projects Division, Minister's Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Takeshi Ohata  Researcher  Climate Change Projects Office, Climate Change Policy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hiroto Takaki  Researcher  Climate Change Projects Office, Climate Change Policy Division, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Yuki Yoshida  Official  Office of Climate Change Negotiation International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Mako Mizuno  Official  Office of Climate Change Negotiation International Strategy Division,Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Hiroaki Kaneko  First Secretary  Embassy of Japan in USA  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yoshihiro Mizutani  Director  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainabe Infrastructure, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Kotoe Kuroda  Researcher  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainable Infrastructure, Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Takeshi Nimura  Researcher  Office for Promotion of Sound Material-Cycle Society, Environmental Regeneration and Material Cycles Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Satoshi Watanabe  Assistant Director  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainable Infrastructure, Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Genichiro Tsukada  Director  Climate Change Adaptation Office, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Japan (continued) 
Mr. Tatsuki Tanabe  Researcher  Office for Promotion of Sound Material-Cycle Society, Environmental Regeneration and Material Cycles Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Maiko Uga  Official  Office of Director for International Cooperation for Transition to Decarbonization and Sustainable Infrastructure, Global Environmental Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Satoshi Yoshida  Technical Official  Office for Promotion of Sound Material-Cycle Society, Environmental Regeneration and Material Cycles Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Yuki Numata  Researcher  Climate Change Adaptation Office, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Yurie Osawa  Deputy Director  Office of Fluorocarbons Control Policy, Global Environment Bureau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Ayumi Shimura  Section Chief  Office for Fukushima Regeneration Project Environmental Regeneration and Material Cycles Brueau  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Saya Mizuno  Official  Environment and Economy Division Minister's Secretariat  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Mieko Nakano  Interpreter  Japan Convention Services Inc.  
Ms. Ayako Sato  Interpreter  Japan Convention Services Inc.  
Mr. Tatsushi Hemmi  Chief Analyst  Global Environment Dept.  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Mr. Masato Yano  General Manager/Chief Analyst  Global Environment Dept.  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Mr. Takashi Morimoto  Chief Analyst  Global Environment Dept.  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Ms. Maya Fukuda  Analyst  Global Environment Dept.  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Mr. Takayuki Ishikawa  Analyst  Global Environment Dept.  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Ms. Kaoru Yamaguchi  Assistant Manager  Tokyo Office, Financing Programme Group  Global Environment Centre Foundation  
Mr. Kentaro Takahashi  Deputy Director  Climate and Energy Area  Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  
Ms. Akibi Tsukui  Programme Manager  Climate and Energy Area  Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  
Ms. Junko Ota  Policy Researcher  Kitakyushu Urban Center  Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  
Ms. Nagisa Shiiba Yoshioka  Policy Researcher  Adaptation and Water Area  Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  
Mr. Naoyuki Okano  Policy Researcher  Adaptation and Water Area  Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  
Ms. Elsa Hatanaka  Manager  Greenhouse Gas Inventory Office of Japan  National Institute for Environmental Studies  
Mr. Naofumi Kosaka  GHG Inventory Expert  Greenhouse Gas Inventory Office of Japan  National Institute for Environmental Studies  
Mr. Makoto Kato  Principal Researcher  Overseas Environmental Cooperation Center, Japan  
Mr. Riki Nakajima  Researcher  Overseas Environmental Cooperation Center, Japan  
Mr. Ryo Minami  Deputy Commissioner for International Policy on Carbon Neutrality  Agency for Natural Resources and Energy  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Shinichi Kihara  Deputy Director-General for Technology and Environment  Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Masaomi Koyama  Director  International Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Yukihiro Kawaguchi  Director  Manufacturing Industries Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Japan (continued) 
Mr. Wataru Takahama  Director  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Norihiro Kimura  Senior Negotiator for Climate Change  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Hitomi Furuya  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Rina Chikazawa  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Tomoki Ooka  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Saki Oura  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Kanako Toga  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Kohei Mizuno  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Kensuke Shiomi  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Ms. Manami Ohishi  Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry  
Mr. Kiyoshi Komatsu  Senior Researcher  Environment Unit  The Institute of Energy Economics, Japan  
Mr. Kenta Horio  Researcher  Socio-Economic Research Center  Central Research Institute of Electric Power Industry  
Mr. Jun Arima  Project Professor  Graduate School of Public Policy  University of Tokyo  
Mr. Kazuhiko Hombu  Visiting Researcher  Graduate School of Public Policy  Tokyo University  
Mr. Kenichi Wada  Senior Researcher  Systems Analysis Group  Research Institute of Innovative Technology for the Earth  
Mr. Kaoru Takahashi  Technical Official  Policy Bureau, Environmental Policy Division  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Ms. Megumi Katsuta  Technical Official  Policy Bureau, Environmental Policy Division  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Wataru Nomura  Senior Deputy Director  Green Spaces Environment Office, Parks,Green Spaces and Landscape Division, City Bureau  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Jun Teshirogi  Deputy Director  Research Division  Organization for Landscape and Urban Green Infrastructure  
Mr. Daisuke Sasano  Technical Official, Senior Scientific Officer for Climate Risk  Office of Climate Change, Weather Disaster Mitigation Division, Atmosphere and Ocean Department, Japan Meteorological Agency  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Yuri Machida  Technical Official, Assistant Scientific Officer  Office of Climate Change, Weather Disaster Mitigation Division, Atmosphere and Ocean Department, Japan Meteorological Agency  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Hiroaki Katsuma  Deputy Director  Carbon Neutral Promotion Office, Japan Civil Aviation Bureau  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Mr. Daisuke Akai  Director for Coastal Shipping Technology Innovation  Ocean Development and Environment Policy Division, Maritime Bureau  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism  
Japan (continued) 
Mr. Tomoyoshi Yahagi  Deputy Director-General of International Bureau  International Bureau  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Shinichiro Kurasawa  Official/Deputy Director  Development Policy Division, International Bureau  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Kazuhiro Mukai  Official/ Section Chief  Development Policy Division, International Bureau  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Satoshi Ikeda  Chief Sustainable Finance Officer  Strategy Development and Management Bureau  Financial Services Agency  
Mr. Yuya Oshika  Deputy Director  International Affiars Office, Strategy Development and Management Bureau  Financial Services Agency  
Ms. Misato Tachibana  Official  International Affiars Office, Strategy Development and Management Bureau  Financial Services Agency  
Mr. Katsunori Nakazawa  Counselor(Deputy Director-General)  Council's Secretariat, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Research Council  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Shigefumi Kikuchi  Deputy Director  International Strategy Division, Export and International Affairs Bureau  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Gen Kunieda  Director  Global Environmental Affairs Office, MeaDRI Sustainable Food Systems Strategy Division, Minister's Secretariat  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Ryudai Oshima  Deputy Director  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Environment and Biomass Policy Division, Minister's Secretariat  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Satoshi Nakano  Section Chief  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Environment and Biomass Policy Division, Minister's Secretariat  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Ms. Seiko Uchida  Technical Official  Global Environmental Affairs Office, Environment and Biomass Policy Division, Minister's Secretariat  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Mitsuo Shimada  Deputy Director  International Research Collaboration Division, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Research Council's Secretariat  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Hideo Kawakami  Senior Regional Coodinator  Bilateral Affairs Division, Export and International Affairs Bureau  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Shigeru Nemoto  Diputy Director  Bilateral Affairs Division, Export and International Affairs Bureau  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Ms. Ayaka Ishii  Official  Bilateral Affairs Division, Export and International Affairs Bureau  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Yutaka Kawashima  Director, Forest Carbon Sink Strategy Office  Forest Multiple Use and Conservation Division, Private Forest Department, Forestry Agency  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Ms. Miho Juni  Assistant Director  Forest Multiple Use and Conservation Division, Private Forest Department, Forestry Agency  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Mr. Takayuki Ishikawa  Assistant Director  International Forestry Cooperation Office, Planning Division, Private Forest Department, Forestry Agency  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries  
Ms. Yoko Asada  Chief Analyst  Policy Research & Consulting Division Global Environment Department  Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co. Ltd  
Ms. Aya Takatsuki  Official  Environment and Energy Division, Research and Development Bureau  Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology  
Mr. Yasuhiro Watanabe  Environment and Energy Division, Research and Development Bureau  Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology  
Jordan 
H.M. King "Abdullah II" ibn Al Hussein King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan  King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan  
H.R.H. Crown Prince Al Hussein bin Abdullah II Crown Prince of The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan  Crown Prince of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan  
Jordan (continued) 
Mr. Bisher Al-Khasawneh  Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Jafar Hassan  Director of His Majesty's Office  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Muawieh Radaideh  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Ayman Safadi  Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Foreign Affairs and Expatriate  Ministry of foreign Affairs - Jordan  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Saleh Al-Kharabseh  Minister  Ministry of Mineral Energy Resources  
H.E. Mr. Moh'd Al-Najjar  Minister  Ministry of Water and Irrigation  
H.R.H. Princess Rym Ali  
H.E. Mr. Yousef AlShawarbeh  Mayor of Amman  Greater Municipality of Amman  
H.E. Mr. Nayef AlTheeb  Head of Board of Commissioners  Aqaba Special Economic Zone Authority  
Ms. Zeina Toukan  H.e.minister of Planning & International Cooperation  Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation  
Mr. Hashem Dalabeeh  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Nizar Abdel Razzaq  ADC to HRH Crown Prince Al Husein Bin Abdullah II  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Enad Abu Shreea  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. .Abdel Elah Abu Taleb  Senior Media Analyst - MCD  Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
H.E. Mr. Auda Abu Tayeh  Chief of Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Hussam Abualfoul  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ahmad AbuZaid  Sound Technician  Media & Communication Directorate  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Anas Abuzaytoun  His Majesty's Private Security  Royal Guards - the Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court - Royal Guards  
Mr. Yousef Al Allan  Personal Photographer  Media and Communication Directorate  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ahmad Al Bari  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Amjad Al Bloush  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ahmad Al Dmour  Video Editor  Media & Communication Directorate  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Mo'ien Al Ghuwairin  ADC to His Majesty the King  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court - Royal Guards  
Mr. Tareq Al Habashneh  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Hussamaldeen Al Hmoud  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Mohammad Al Khalaileh  H.S Teleprompter  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Mohammad Al Raqad  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Ms. Ahed Al Rawashdeh  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Khalaf Al Sharafat  Depot Officer  Gifts & Heraldries Department  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Yaser Al Zu'bi  Videographer  Media & Communication Directorate  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Faisal Al-Ahmad  Prime Ministry  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Hossam Al-Rashdan  Communications Officer  Royal Communications Directorate  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ammar Alasasfeh  His Majesty's Private Security  Royal Guards  Royal Guard  
Mr. Sa'ed Alawneh  His Majesty's Private Security  Royal Guards - The Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court - Royal Guards  
Mr. Ahmad AlBadraen  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Majed Aldalaeen  His Majesty's Private Security  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Bassam Aleassa  Medical Team  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Haitham AlHadid  Teleprompter Systems Technician  MCD - the Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Husam Alharahsheh  ADC to HE the Prime Minister  Prime Ministry  
Mr. Daham Alhoqel  His Majesty's Private Security  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Suhib AlKhawaldeh  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Walid Almahamid  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Jordan (continued) 
Mr. Mohammad Almakhadmeh  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Wesam Alnajdawi  Medical Team  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ammar Alnaser  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Emad Alraqaad  Reporter/ Jordan TV  Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ahmad Alsaket  Director of HRH Crown Prince`s Protocol ,Assistant to the Chief of Royal Protocol  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Jamal Alshamaileh  Operations Manager  Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ahmad AlShmaylh  Royal Guard  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Al'aa Altarawneh  Royal Guards  Royal Guards - the Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court - Royal Guards  
Mr. Abdel kareem Alwraikat  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Mohammad Alzaatreh  Reporter Almamlaka TV  Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ra'ed Alzu'bi  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ammar Bani Salamih  His Majesty's Private Security  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Zaid Baqain  Director of HRHCP's office  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Faisal Bouran  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Muetamed Ekour  Senior Videographer  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Ahmad Fadli  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Rami Faori  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Rami Farraj  Director of Private Medical Office  Private Medical Office  
Mr. Hashem Freihat  Royal Gurads  Royal Guards  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Haitham Hanandeh  His Majesty Private Security  Royal Guard  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Ms. Samah Hiyari  Deputy Director of Media and Communications Directorate  Media and Communications Directorate  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Hussam Hmadien  Accountant  Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Shadi Horani  Office of Prime Minister  
Ms. Saf`aa Khawaldah  Almamlaka Correspondent  Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Mohammad Magayda  Photographer  Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Yousef Saeifan  Royal Guards  Royal Guards - the Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court - Royal Guards  
Mr. Ahmad Safi  Manager - Directorate of Travel and Logistics Operations  Travel and Logistics Operations  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Christian Setian  Photographer  MCD - Royal Hashemite Court  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Sadam Sharadgah  His Majesty's Private Security  Royal Guards  Royal Guard  
Mr. Hamza Toufoqa  Royal Protocol  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Ms. Zeina Toukan  Director of the Economic Affairs Directorate  The Royal Hashemite Court  
Mr. Mohammad Zainati  Office of Prime Minister  
Ms. Shorouq Abdel Ghani  Director  Policies & Research  Ministry of Energy & Miniral Resources  
Mr. Ahmad Abdulla  
Mr. Mohammad Abu-Jamous  
Mr. Hatem Aburumman  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Amjad Adaileh  Ambassador  Jordan Embassy - Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates  
Ms. Ruba Ajjour  
Ms. Sara Al Haleeq  Head of Adaptation Section  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Nidal Al Majali  
Mr. Nedal Al Ouran  
Mr. Ali Al Qudah  
Ms. Hanadi Al Rabai'eh  Environmental Reasercher  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Sa’ad Al Ramadneh  
Mr. Hazem Al Salameh  
Mr. Moh’d AlDwairi  
Mr. Mohammad Alefishat  
Mr. Ahmad Alemoush  
Jordan (continued) 
Mr. Rami Alhabahbeh  
Mr. Ashraf Alharahsheh  
Mr. Ala' Alhraishat  
Mr. Nidal Aljalamdeh  
Mr. Bashar Aljboor  
Mr. Ala' Alkharabsheh  
Ms. Maha Alma'aitah  Director  Policies and International Cooperation Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Hosam Alnijdawi  
Mr. Adel Alobeiaat  
Mr. Jihad Alsawair  Director of Green Growth, Advisor  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Naser Alzawaidah  
Ms. Farah Atyyat  Regional Officer  NDO  
Mr. Osama Azzam  
Mr. Mohammad Bany Omar  
Ms. Kawther Barghuthi  
Mr. Mohammad Barri  
Ms. Asma'a Bishmaf  Diplomatic Attaché  Embassy of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to France  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Nisreen Daoud  
Ms. Shada El Sharif  The Prime Ministry  
H.R.H. Princess Dana Firas  Petra National Trust  
Mr. Mahmoud Hassan  Public Relation officer  Jordanian Embassy - Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affaires  
Mr. Yaser Jallad  
Mr. Hamzeh Jalloud  
Mr. Jihad Mahamid  Secretary General Ministry of Water and Irrigation  
Mr. Yacoub Marar  
Mr. Ahmad Obeidat  
Mr. Sief Aldeen Obeidat  
Mr. Aiman Oklat  
Mr. Suhib Rababah  
Mr. Emad Shana'ah  Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation  
Ms. Suha Shishani  
Mr. Belal Shqarin  Director of Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Musab Zou'bi  
Kazakhstan 
Mr. Serikkali Brekeshev  Minister  Ministry of Ecology, Geology and Natural Resourses of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Ms. Ainur Kopbayeva  Deputy Director  Climate policy and green technology Department  Ministry of Ecology, Geology and Natural Resourses  
Mr. Alikhan Smailov  Prime-Minister  Government of Kazakhstan  
Ms. Shattyk Tastemirova  Head of Climate Change Adaptation Unit  Climate Policy and Green Technologies  Ministry of Ecology, Geology and Natural Resources of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Abzal Abdikarimov  Vice-Minister  Ministry of National Economy of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Kundusbek Abdrassilov  Head of Secretariat of the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Ms. Aizhan Abilgazina  Chief Expert  Department of International Cooperation  Non-profit Joint-Stock Company "International green technologies and investment projects center"  
Mr. Kuanysh Abpassov  Chief Expert of Protocol  Office of Prime Minister  
Mr. Anuar Adilbekov  
Mr. Olzhas Agabekov  Chairman of the Board  IGTIC NJSC  
Mr. Almas Aidarov  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Ruslan Ainekbayev  MFA RK  
Ms. Zhansaya Alibayeva  Press Office of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Ms. Nadezhda Alishpayeva  
Mr. Asylkhan Amirov  Embassy of the RK in Egypt  
Mr. Serik Ashirov  Chief of Protocol  Office of Prime Minister  
Mr. Baglan Begaydarov  Press Office of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Askhat Bekenov  Industry Executive  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Serik Bekmaganbetov  Authorized Representative of the Republic of Kazakhstan  Executive Committee-International Fund for Saving the Aral Sea  
Ms. Daniela Yordanova Carrington  International climate change policy advisor  
Mr. Yklas Ibraimov  
Mr. Talgat Iliyas  Embassy of the RK in Egypt  
Mr. Zhandos Imanaliyev  Head of the Sector of President Office  Administration of President of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Temirlan Jabayev  Press Office of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Kazakhstan (continued) 
Mr. Marat Karabayev  Vice-minister  Ministry of industry and infrastructure development  
Mr. Yermek Karatay  
Mr. Alisher Kassenov  Chief manager  JSC Zhasyl Damu  
Ms. Anastasiia Khasan  Interpreter  
Mr. Galymzhan Koishybayev  Head of Office of the Prime Minister  Office of Prime Minister  
Ms. Oxana Kravtsova  Regional Environmental Centre for Central Asia  
Mr. Alibek Kuantyrov  Minister  Ministry of National Economy of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Bauyrzhan Kudaibergenov  Assistant of the Prime Minister  Office of Prime Minister  
Mr. Almas Kulmaganbetov  Chief of consultant  Office of Prime Minister  
Mr. Kanat Kulshmanov  Press Office of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Sayan Kuttybayev  Deputy Head of Office of the Prime Minister  Office of Prime Minister  
Mr. Kairat Lama Sharif  Ambassador  Embassy of the RK in Egypt  
Ms. Aida Maksut  Director  SSDC LLP  
Ms. Svetlana Mogilyuk  Chair  Ecoforum of Kazakhstan  
Ms. Gaziza Mukhambetzhanova  
Mr. Rustam Nassirkhan  Director  JSC Zhasyl Damu  
Ms. Assel Nurakhmetova  Deputy CEO  AIFC Green Finance  
Ms. Yerkezhan Nurbayeva  Assistant to the Director  SSDC LLP  
Mr. Zhandos Nurmaganbetov  Vice-Minister  Ministry of Energy of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Zhenis Orazaliyev  Embassy of the RK in Egypt  
Ms. Valeriya Orlova  Programme Specialist  Education for Sustainable Development Program(ESD)  Regional Environmental Centre for Central Asia  
Ms. Ainel Rymbayeva  
Mr. Dias Sapar  
Mr. Serzhan Sarmanov  Deputy Head of Department  Office of Prime Minister  
Mr. Nuray Satimov  Director  Department of green technologies  Non-profit Joint-Stock Company "International green technologies and investment projects center"  
Mr. Altay Shadenov  
Ms. Aizhan Skakova  Member of the Committee on issues of ecology and environmental management  Mazhilis of the Parliament of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Ms. Zulfiya Suleimenova  Vice-Minister  Ministry of Ecology, Geology and Natural Resources of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Rashit Tlessov  
Mr. Marsbek Turmagambetov  Head of Personal Security of the Prime Minister  Office of Prime Minister  
Mr. Sanzhar Ualikhanov  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Eldar Yermekbayev  
Ms. Bakhyt Yessekina  Director  Green Academy Center  
Ms. Aiman Yessekina  Head  Department of Greenhouse Gases Inventory  JSC Zhasyl Damu  
Mr. Yerbolat Zharkynbaiuly  Embassy of the RK in Egypt  
Mr. Ernur Zhomart  Press Office of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Mr. Bauyrzhan Zhuasbayev  Press Office of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan  
Kenya 
H.E. Mr. William K. Ruto  President of the Republic of Kenya  The Presidency  Government of Kenya  
H.E. Ms. Roselinda Soipan Tuya  Cabinet Secretary  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Christopher Kiptoo  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Festus K. Ngeno  Principal Secretary  Council of Governors  
H.E. Mr. Davis K. Chirchir  Cabinet Secretary of Energy and Petroleum  
H.E. Ms. Monica Kathina Juma  National Security Advisor  Executive Office of the President  
H.E. Mr. Alfred Nganga Mutua  Cabinet Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Alice Muthoni Wahome Ng'ayu  Cabinet Secretary / Minister  Ministry of Water and Sanitation  
Ms. Florence Pacifica Achieng  
Mr. Abraham Korir Sing'oei  Legal Advisor  The Presidency  Republic of Kenya  
Kenya (continued) 
Mr. Hussein Mohamed Gure  Presidential Press Kenya  
Mr. Babu Elly Odongo  Presidential Press  
Mr. Edmond Job Oduor  Presidential Communication  
Mr. Mark K Kwemoi  Presidential Press  
Mr. Omondi Hiram K  Presidential Press  
Mr. Stephen Muoka Nzula  Security  Presidency  
Mr. Emmanuel K Talam  Presidential Press  
Mr. Samuel Kiai Karengo  Security  Presidency  
Ms. Mwandeghu Anne N. Muli  Security  Presidency  
Mr. Brian Kiprono Chebaigei  Aircraft Security  Presidency  
Mr. Kimutai Yator Tiony  Security  Presidency  
Mr. Festus Kitur  Aircraft Security  Presidency  
Mr. Alex Korir Toroitich  Security  Presidency  
Mr. Charles Kyalo Agnes  
Ms. Victoria Chepkorir Rotich  Councellor  
Mr. Roy D Baoh  Councellor  Kenya Embassy in Egypt  
H.E. Ms. Anne M. Waiguru Waiguru  Governor  Kirinyanga County  
Mr. Brian Mutinda Muthoka  Council of Governors  
Mr. Christopher A. Onyango  Council of Governors  
Mr. Wilber K. Ottichilo  Vihiga County Governor  Council of Governors  
Ms. Rael Rita Akinyi  Chief of Staff Kirinyaga  Council of Governors  
H.E. Ms. Nyasuna Gladys Atieno  Governor  Homabay County  Council of Governors  
H.E. Ms. Susan Wakarura Kihika  Governor  Council of Governors  
H.E. Ms. Wavinya Oduwole  Governor  Council of Governors  
H.E. Mr. Andrew Mwadime Katuu  Governor Taita Taveta  Council of Governors  
H.E. Mr. Issa Abdalla Timamy  Governor Lamu County  Council of Governors  
H.E. Mr. Joseph Jama Ole Lenku  Governor Kajiado  Council of Governors  
H.E. Mr. Mohamud Mohamed Ali  Governor Marsabit  Council of Governors  
Ms. Edna Chelangat Lenku  First Lady  Council of Governors  
Mr. Robert Onsare Monda  Deputy Governor  Council of Governors  
Mr. Omedi M. Jura  Technology Coordinator AGN  African Group of Negotiator  
Mr. Hillary C. Korir  The Newspaper Today  
Mr. Francis K. Mwangi  Kenya Civil Aviation Authority  
Ms. Veronica N. Ndetu  State Department of Agriculture  
Mr. Peter Waititu Ndegwa  CEO  Safaricom PLC  
Ms. Elizabeth A. Okwousa  Kenya Agricultural Research Institute  
Mr. James K. Metto  KenGen  
Mr. Julius Karanja Mbatia  
Mr. Peter Ngugi Nduati  Deputy Chief Conservator of Forest (Component Manager of JICA SFS-CORECC Project)  Kenya Forest Services  
Mr. Aman Abdul Malik  FLLOCA  
Mr. Abdi Abdullahi Moha  Environmental Analyst  Ministry of Petroleum and Mining  
Ms. Miraj A. Abdulrahman  Senate  
Ms. Marlene Nyanserema Achoki  
Mr. Hared Hassan Adan  Chief Executive Officer  National Draught Management Authority  
Mr. David B. Adegu  Senior Assistant Director  Kenya Meteorological Department  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Aloice Ogweno Ager  Director  Kisumu County Government  
Mr. Blaise Peterlish Okinyi Akite  State Department for Livestock  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock Development  
Mr. Mohamed Nur Ali  Busia County  
Mr. Samwel Alouch Otieno Alima  Ministry of Water and Sanitation  
Mr. Fredrick Onyango Aloo  State Department for Livestock  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock Development  
Ms. Sophie Mumbi Amboye  Kenya Mission to UNEP  
Ms. Seda Anne Adoyo  Principal Petroleum Technologist  Ministry of Petroleum and Mining  
Mr. Bob Aston  
Ms. Vivian Nerea Atakos  International Livestock Research Institute  
Ms. Mary Hedwig Nyimbae Awando  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Kenya (continued) 
Mr. Paul Ochieng Ayalo  Fair Trade Foundation of Kenya  
Ms. Roseline T Baari  NT  
Mr. Emmanuel Mwasaha Banda  
Mr. Ali Galgallo Barille  Programme Officer  NEPAD/APRM Kenya Secretariat  
Ms. Karen Khayanje Basiye  Safaricom  
Ms. Maureen Cherotich Bett  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Adaba Satonye Briggs  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Mariam A. Bunu  Tana River  
Ms. Mirriam Chebungei  Ministry of Water and Sanitation and Irrigation  
Ms. Linner Chepkoech  Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Stella Chepngeno  Head, Women Economic Empowerment  Office of the First Lady of the Republic of Kenya  
Ms. Carolyne Jepkor Cherop  Clerk Assistant  Departmental Commitee on Environment and Natural Resources  The Senate  
H.E. Mr. Aaron Kipkurui Cheruiyot  Majority Leader  Senate of the Republic of Kenya  
Ms. Betty Chebet Cherwon  Chief of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Esther Mbodze Chipanga  Third Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Laurine Chirry  Africa Group of Negotiators Experts Support (AGNES)  
Mr. John K. Chumo  County Executive Committee  Nandi County  
Ms. Annie Syombua David  State Counsel  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Kumar Deepak  Doctor  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Dennis M. Dhadho  Tana River  
Ms. Janet Ahatho Ekalo  County Government of Marsabit  
Ms. Lamia Elgoutabi  AfDB to support side event  
Mr. Bishar Fille Elmi  State Department of Livestock  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock Development  
Ms. Esther W. Gacanja  State Department of Transport  
Mr. George Ngini Gachagua  Member of Parliament  National Assembly  
Ms. Yvonne Nyokabi Gachugi  Climate Change Specialist  UNDP Resident Mission in Kenya  
Mr. Sammy Muriithi Gathomi  Manager  Nyayo Tea Zones Development Corporation  
Mr. Winstone N. Gicheru  Kenya Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Alfred Ndungu Gichu  Forest Conservation Secretary  Forestry Department  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Wallace Mwongera Gichunge  Conservation Manager  Nyayo Tea Zones Development Corporation  
Mr. Evanson Githinji Gitahi  Chief Executive Officer  Amref Health Africa  
Ms. Naomi Njeri Gitau  Kenya Airport Authority  
Mr. Michael Gathigi Gitonga  Program Manager  Office of the Wife of the Deputy President  
Ms. Hawo Abdi Gonjobe  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohammed Abdirahman Hassan  Advisor  Office of the President  
Mr. Stanley Njogu Humaiyo  State Department of Livestock  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock Development  
Ms. Fatuma M. Hussein  Advisor  
Mr. Abdi Mohamed Ibrahim  Busia County  
Mr. Kate Negesa Idwasi  Office of the First Lady of the Republic of Kenya  
Mr. Anthony Waithaka Igecha  Managing Trustee  Kenya Electricity Generating Company  
Mr. Edwin Mavia Imbaali  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. David Gikungu Irungu  Director  Kenya Meteorological Department  
Ms. Basra Hussein Isaack  Director Climate Change  Mandera County  
Mr. Ian Isherwood  Bankability Expert (BNS)  WWF-Kenya  WWF  
Ms. Esther Jemurgor  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Gichunuku Josephat Gikundi  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Ahmad Abdulaziz Kadhi  National Assembly  
Ms. Helen Rosa Muthoni Kagwanja  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Moses Otieno Kajwang  Senate  
Ms. Jean Njeri Kamau  Kenya Amb to Egypt.  Kenya Mission Addis  
Kenya (continued) 
Ms. Barbra K. Kangwana  Youth CVF Sponsored  
Ms. Priscila Nyokabi Kanyua  Commissioner  National Gender and Equality Commission  
Ms. Nancy Wakarima Karigithu  Principal Secretary  State Department For Maritime And Shipping Affairs  
Ms. Lucy Wanjiku Kariuki  Kenya Pipeline Company Limited  
Ms. Rael Chepkemoi Kasiwai  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Kibor Kipkemoi Keitany  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Augustine K. Kenduiwo  Deputy Director  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Lydia Gakii Kiambi  Deputy Director –Admin services  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Josiah Kahara Kibugi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Stephen Kibungei  SESLAW Advocates  
Mr. Geoffrey M. Kihara  Ministry of Energy and Petroleum  
Mr. Peter Mwaura Kimani  Corporate Communications Manager  KCB Bank Group Plc  
Ms. Edna F. N. Kimenju  KCIC  
Ms. Jacqueline Mwende Kimeu  Climate Change and Energy Coordinator  WWF  
Mr. Bernard Nyakundi Kimoro  Livestock  
Ms. Joyce J. Kimutai  Kenya Meteorological Department  
Mr. Stephen Ndolo Kingoo  Assistant Director (Project Manager of JICA SFS-CORECC Project)  Directorate of Forest Conservation  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Arnold Chumba Kipchumba  Consultant  Office of the Wife of the Deputy President  
Ms. Caroline Wendy Chepkorir Kiplagat  Chief Environment Officer  Kenya Pipeline Company Limited  
Mr. Hosea Kiptoo Kipyego  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Peter Kimani Kiria  Ministry of Water and Sanitation  
Ms. Rachel Kirito Kirima  Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Wangare Kirumba  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Robert Muthami Kithuku  Coordinator  Programmes  Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung e.V.  
Ms. Rose Chelangat Kitur  Director, NEPAD Programmes  NEPAD/APRM Kenya Secretariat  
Ms. Rahma Rashid Kivugo  Marine Project Assistant  World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) Kenya  
Ms. Winnie Kalondu Kivuti  County Government of Nairobi  
Mr. Michael K. Koech  Airtel  
Ms. Evelyne Chepkirui Koech  Team Leader – Environment and Resilience  UNDP Resident Mission in Kenya  
Mr. Meshack Kibiwott Koima  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. William Kingi Kolani  Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Ressa Nafula Kombi  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Charles Otieno Konyango  
Mr. Obed O. Koringo  Climate Policy Advisor  
Mr. Julius Kiplangat Korir  Principal Secretary  Ministry of Devolution  
Mr. Daniel Kiluu Kyalo  Director Climate Change  County Government of Machakos  
Mr. Evans Kiplimo Lagat  
Mr. Michael Kiprono Langat  Kajiado County  
Ms. Rose Lekalesoi  KMD  
Mr. Thomas L. Lelekoitien  Deputy Director  
Mr. Lucas Saiyana Lembara  Director Technical Services  National Draught Management Authority  
Mr. Nixon Lemlem  Chair, Departmental Commitee on Environment  County Government of Baringo  
Mr. Fabian Letais Lengusuranga  ADC  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Alfred Lkiteku Lepirkine  Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Mary Ndinda Maalu  Director  KenGen  
Mr. Philemon S. Maewa  
Ms. Dolphine A. Magero  
Ms. Priscilla Muthoni Mahinda  County Government of Nairobi  
Mr. Brian Kanene Maina  Communication  Office of the Wife of the Deputy President  
Mr. William Nyumu Maingi  Interior  
Mr. Noah Kirwa Maiyo  Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Jackline Nekesa Makokha  Deputy Director  State Department for Gender  Ministry of Public Service Youth and Gender  
Ms. Pauline Wanjiru Makutsa  ADA  
Kenya (continued) 
Mr. Mamo B. Mamo  CEO  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Peter Rimba Maneno  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Jane Cheptoo Masai  Board Member  National Environmental Complaints Committee  
Ms. Amy Maseto  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Ayub G. Matiiri  Ambassador of Kenya to the Arab Republic of Egypt  Kenya Embassy in Egypt  
Mr. Kiiru Maurice Ndaranu  Board Member  Kenya Electricity Generating Company  
Mr. Aderiana Mutheu Mbandi  Lead Researcher  Stockholm Environment Institute  
H.E. Ms. Cecily M. Mbarire  Embu County  
Mr. Patrick Nganga Mbithi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. George Ochilo Ayacko Mbogo  Governor Migori  Council of Governors  
Ms. Eunice Atieno Mboya  Homabay County  
Mr. Jackson Meliyio Mboya  Kajiado County  
Mr. Martin K. Mbugua  
Ms. Elizabeth W. Mbugua  
Ms. Andambi Mercy Ateka  State Department of Lands and Physical Planning  
Mr. Daniel Tong'i Mogusu  Ministry of Water and Sanitation  
Mr. Ali Daud Mohamed  Senior Advisor  Environment and Climate Change  Office of the President  
Ms. Rose Kemunto Mokaya  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Samuel N. Muchiri  Senior Assistant Director  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Librata Nekesa Muhati  Program Director  Office of the Wife of the Deputy President  
Ms. Patricia Njeri Muhiuhia  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Douglas Musyoki Muisyo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Fredrick Kimuli Mulei  State Department for Fisheries  
Mr. Barnabas Mutua Mulu  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. John Mwangi Munyiri  Media Council of Kenya  
Mr. Victor Nthenge Musembi  Assistant Director  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Simon Njuguna Mutua  Kenya Media Council  
Ms. Juliana Kamanthe Muia Mutua  State Department of Physical Planning  
Mr. Mercy Ndululu Mutua  County Government of Machakos  
Mr. Nahashon Kioko Mutunga  Communications Officer  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Faith Kagwiria Mutwiri  GIS and Remote Sensing Officer  Kenya Forest Services  
Mr. Edwin Mwalepe Mwalagho  Third Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. John Maluki Mwandikwa  Ministry of Water and Irrigation  
Ms. Susan Wangeci Mwangi  Director –UN Multilateral Affairs & Candidatures  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. David Ndii Mwangi  Advisor  Office of the President  
Mr. Elijah Willis Chessa Mwaro  County Government of Kisii  
Mr. Jefwa Mwathethe Samson Samuel  Chairman of the Board  Kenya Electricity Generating Company  
Mr. Lydia Kabura Mwithiga  Africa Green Finance Coalition  
Ms. Leah M. Wanambwa Naess  AUC CAHOSCC  
Ms. Omolo Nancy Akinyi  The National Treasury and Planning  
Ms. Nasra S. Nanda  Nairobi County  
Mr. Josphat Koli Nanok  Deputy Chief of Staff  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Lazarus Walker Nanzala  Oxfam  
Ms. Amandla Typhena Ndisi  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. William N. Ndungu  Nairobi County  
Ms. Mary W. Ndungu  Sate Department of Housing and Urban Development  
Ms. Wambui Wahome Ng'ayu  Ministry of Water and Sanitation  
Mr. Nicholas K. Ngece  Embu County  
Ms. Faith Gathoni Ngige  Kenya Private Sector Alliance  
Mr. John Maina Nginyangi  National Project Coordinator  Kenya Climate Smart Agriculture Project  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock Development  
Mr. Emmanuel Dennis Ngongo  Kenya Private Sector Alliance  
Ms. Lydia Muthoni Ngugi  Maritime Technology Cooporation Centre for Africa  
Kenya (continued) 
Ms. Joely Nyaguthi Njeru  County Government of Nakuru  
Mr. Samuel Muiruri Njoroge  Africa Green Finance Coalition  
Ms. Phoebe Kisua Njuguna  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Carol Njeri Njuguna  Executive Office of the President  
H.E. Mr. Onesmus Muthoni Njuki  Governor Embu  
Ms. Maureen Naisenyu Ntari  Third Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Nobert O. Nyandire  
Ms. Lucy Achieng Nyasuna  Homabay County  
Ms. Patricia Achieng Nying'uro  Kenya Meteorological Department  
Ms. Maureen Kadzo Nyundo  
Mr. Stephen M. Nzioka  
Mr. Warui OBrien Kimani  News Editor  Kenya Broadcasting Corporation  
Mr. Benson Owour Ochieng  Office of the First Lady of the Republic of Kenya  
Ms. Isabel Joy A Ochieng  
Mr. Fredrick Onyango Odawo  General Manager  Kenya Airport Authority  
Mr. Timothy Odhiambo Odende  Busia County  
Mr. Peter Oluoch Odhengo  Policy Advisor  The National Treasury  
Mr. Charles Odhiambo  County Secretary  
Mr. Vincent O Oeba  Kenya Forestry Research Institute  
Mr. Maurice Omondi Ogola  State Department of ASAL  
Mr. Phanuel Oindo Ojwaya  Council of Governors  
Mr. Michael O. Okumu  Senior Assisstant Director  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources and Regional Development Authorities  
Mr. Peterson Ouma Olum  Consultant  Research  FSDKenya  
Mr. Kennedy Okinyi Olwasi  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Ms. Anne N. Omambia  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Albert Otungu Omari  County Government of Kisii  
Ms. Phanice Mokeira Ombati  Project Associate  UNDP Resident Mission in Kenya  
Mr. Bryan N Ombese  Second Secretary  Kenya Embassy in Egypt  
Mr. Geoffrey Omedo  Portfolio Analyst  UNDP Resident Mission in Kenya  
Mr. John Odira Omingo  Kenya Maritime Authority  
Mr. Jimmy Carter Omondi  Busia County  
Mr. Kepha Otieno Omuoso  KenGen  
Ms. Anne Monyenye Omwoyo  County Government of Kisii  
Mr. Brian Mounde Ondieki  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Isaac Victor Ongiri  County Government of Kisii  
Mr. Desmond Junior Onyango  Kenya Water Towers Agency  
Mr. Dan Oteba Opilio  Busia County  
Mr. Salmon Okoth Orimba  CECM Environment and Water  Kisumu County Government  
Mr. George Morara Orina  Director General –Multilateral, International Affairs & UNON  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Victor A. Orindi  
Mr. Philip Molo Osano  Chief Executive Officer  Stockholm Environment Institute  
Mr. Joab Josiah Osumba  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Elias Omondi Otieno  FSD Africa  
H.E. Mr. Paul Nyongesa Otuoma  Governor  Busia County  
Ms. Caroline Achieng Ouko  Project Management  Center for Training and Integrated Research in ASAL Development  
Mr. Fredrick O. Ouma  
Mr. Moses Ogweno Philip Ouma  County Government of Busia  
Mr. Francis Otieno Owino  Principal Secretary  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Fisheries  
Mr. Dick Maungu Oyugi  Parliament  
Mr. David Ochieng Palla  Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Fisheries  
Mr. Daniel Lemayo Parsare  County Government of Nairobi  
Mr. Maurice Owino Pedo  NT  
Ms. Margaret Ger Rarieya  Amref Health Africa  
Mr. Elijah Kiplimo Rono  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Kipkalya Charles Rotich  Ministry of Energy and Petroleum  
Mr. Julius Kibiwott Rotich  Head , Green Economy Unit  Office of the First Lady of the Republic of Kenya  
Ms. Mohamed S. Saada  The National Treasury and Planning  
Mr. Thomas Edward W. Sakah  Interior  
Kenya (continued) 
H.E. Mr. Johnson Arthur Sakaja  Governor  County Government of Nairobi  
Ms. Nancy Kithiru Salamba Salamba  Office of the First Lady of the Republic of Kenya  
Mr. Robert Ogara Sangori  State Department of Housing & Urban Development  
Mr. Hudson Mwakodi Sariko  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Wilkenson Kibet Sego  SESLAW Advocates  
Mr. Julius Kipkoech Sigei  Kenya Media Council  
Mr. Lopokoiyit Sitoyo  Mpesa CEO  Safaricom PLC  
Ms. Ruth Grace Sereti Solitei  Advisor to the Cabinet Secretary  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Kiptinness Stephen Kipchumba K.  Safaricom  
Mr. Julius Gordon Tanui  Ag. Julius Tanui  Kenya Waters Towers Agency  
Mr. George Kipkorir Tarus  Kenya Forest Service  
Mr. Sammy Kipyego Tarus  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Martin Kundu Telewa  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Philip Omondi Thigo  Advisor  Office of the First Lady  
Mr. James Thonjo  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Directorate  
Mr. Samson Lekokoo Toniok  CEO  NETFUND  
Ms. Esther Chemutai Towett  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Prabhakar Vanam  Kenya Private Sector Alliance  
Mr. Anthony M Wainaina  Ministry of Health  
Ms. Emily Mwende Waita  
Ms. Rose Nyarotso Wamalwa  Women's Climate Centers International  
Ms. Kezia Z. Masakhwe Wandera  
Ms. Faith Hamala Wandera  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Esther M. Wangombe  Deputy Director  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Jonah Mwangi Wanjiku  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Bernard Isaac Wekesa  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Joshua O. Were  Manager, Environment and CDM  Kenya Electricity Generating Company  
Mr. William Oloonkishu Yiampoy  Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Agnes Chepkorir Yobterik  Director  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Kiribati 
H.E. Mr. Taneti Maamau  President  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Martin Moreti  Minister  Ministry of Women, Youth and Social Affairs  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Tarakabu Tofinga  Minister  Ministry of Justice  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Naomi Atauea  Secretary to Cabinet  Office of Te Beretitenti  Government of Kiribati  
Mme Teiraeng Maamau  First Lady  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Tiiang Tofinga  HMOJ Spouse  MOJ  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Michael Sarbane Foon  Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Immigration  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Ruui Tabutoa  OIC  Office of te Beretitenti  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Kabuaua Uatao  ADC  Kiribati Police Service  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Reti Angimarau  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Tebete England  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Justice  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Tearinibeia Enoo  Media Advisor  Office of the President  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Uritina Etera  SAS  Ministry of Women, Youth and Social Affairs  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Jeffrey Scott Lamb  Director of Climate Finance Division  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Terikano Nakekea  Climate Change Planning Officer  Environment and Conservation Division  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Takena Redfern  Disaster Risk Management Officer  Office of te Beretitenti  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Tilila Koema Tangitang  HE's Private Secretary  Office of te Beretitenti  Government of Kiribati  
Kiribati (continued) 
Ms. Nenenteiti Teariki Ruatu  Director ECD  Ministry of Environment, Lands and Agricultural Development  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Tooreka Teemari  Director of Coastal Fisheries Division  Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resource Development  Government of Kiribati  
Mr. Kirata Tekiera  National Climate Change Coordinator  Climate Change  Office of the President  
Mr. Ueneta Toorua  Director of Meteorological Services  Kiribati Meteorological Services  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Kabure Yeeting  Director Geoscience Division  Ministry of Fisheries, Marine Resources Development  Government of Kiribati  
Ms. Teruabine Anna Nuariki  Gender & Youth Officer  KOIFAWP  NGO  
Ms. Baniti Ekeieta Semilota  President - Tungaru Youth Action  NGO  
Ms. Kabweea Itintaake  AOSIS Fellow  Office of the Attorney General  Government of Kiribati  
Kuwait 
H.E. Mr. Bader Almulla  Deputy Prim Minister & Minister of Oil  Ministry of Oil  
H.E. Mr. SHAIKH Meshal Ahmad Jaber ALsabah  H. H. the Crown Prince  
H.E. Mr. Salem Alsabah  Minister of foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Sheikh Abdullah Ahmad H.J. Alsabah  Chairman of the Board & Director general of Environment Public Authority  Environment Public Authority  
H.E. Mr. Ghanim AlGhanim  Ambassador –Permanent Representative of the League of Arab states  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Shareef Alkhayat  Manager Air Quality Monitoring Department  Air Quality Monitoring Department  Environment Public Authority  
Mr. Haitham Alali  Chief Engineer Operation and Maintenance power station distillation plants  Ministry of Electricity and Water  
Mr. Abdullatif Alazemi  Manager health, safety and environment group  Kuwait Oil Tanker Company  
Mr. Mohammad Alazemi  Environmentalist  
Ms. Razan Alduaij  Deputy environment supervisor  Kuwait Ministry of Oil  
Ms. Dana Alfoudari  Petroleum Engineer  Air monitoring department  Environment Public Authority  
Ms. Reem Alfulaij  General Manegar  Public Authority for Food and Nutrition  
Mr. Mohammad Alhassan  Second secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Abdulaziz Alibraheem  second secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yousef Alkhamis  Manager LPG Fillingbranch  Kuwait Oil Tanker Company  
Mr. Falah AlMutairi  counsellor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Meshari AlMuzaini  counsellor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yousef Alnajar  Senior environmental Engineer  Kuwait Gulf Oil Company  
Mr. Jasem Alnouri  Senior Environmental Engineer  Petrochemical Industries Company  
Mr. Faisal AlRashidi  Diplomatic Attache’  
Ms. Rawan Alroumi  Junior international relations researcher  International Relations Department  Environment Public Authority  
Mr. Ahmed AlSabty  Diplomatic Attaché  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohammad Alseaidan  Environmental health department  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Nasser Z Alshareef  Senior Specialist Engineer, Civil-Environmental  Ministry of Electricity and Water  
Mr. Abdullah Alshebeeb  Director of the Office of the Director General  Environment Public Authority  
Mr. Mohammad Haider  Senior Environmentalist specialist  Kuwait Oil Company  
Mr. Hosam Jamal  Senior Environmental Engineer  Kuwait National Petroleum Company  
Mr. Abdullah Jaragh  Senior Civil Engineer  Air Monitoring Department  Environment Public Authority  
Mr. Ahmad Khalaf  senior analyst-crisis management  Kuwait Petroleum Corporation  
Ms. Mona A Malek  Senior Chemical Engineer  Kuwait Ministry of Oil  
Mr. Mahdi Mohammad  Environmentalist  Kuwait Integrated Petroleum Industries Co.  
Kuwait (continued) 
Ms. Hanan Saleh Malallah  Climate Change Section  Follow-up and Air Quality Monitoring Department  Environment Public Authority  
Kyrgyzstan 
Mr. Beksultan Ibraimov  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Natural Resourses, Ecology and Tehnical Supervision of Kyrgyzstan  Ministry of Natural Resources, Ecology and Technical Supervision of Kyrgyzstan  
H.E. Mr. Nurlan Aitmurzaev  Special Envoy of the President of the Kyrgyz Republic  Office of the President of the Kyrgyz Republic  
Mr. Nurbek Alimbekov  Deputy  Parliament of the Kyrgyz Republic  
Mr. Turarbek Kanaev  Head  International Cooperation  Ministry of Natural Resources, Ecology and Technical Supervision of the Kyrgyz Republic  
Mr. Dastan Abdyldaev  Director  Climate Finance Center of Kyrgyzstan  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment of Kyrgyzstan  
Mr. Mederbek Kanybek uulu  3rd Secretary  Department of Water and Ecological Diplomacy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kyrgyz Republic  
Mr. Mirlan Usmanaliev  .hief specialist  Department of international cooperation  Ministry of Natural Resources, Ecology and Technical Supervision of the Kyrgyz Republic  
Lao People’s Democratic Republic 
H.E. Ms. Bounkham Vorachit  Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
H.E. Ms. Phonevanh Outhavong  Vice Minister  Ministry of Planning and Investment  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Mr. Daovy Vongxay  Director General  Department of International Organization  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Syamphone Sengchandala  Director General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Phakkavanh Phissamay  Executive Director of Environment Protection Fund Office  Environment Protection Fund  Environment Protection Fund  
Mr. Virana Sonnasinh  Director General  Department of Planning and Finance  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Ninpaseuth Xayaphonesy  Director General  Department of Women Development  Lao Women Union  
Mr. Oula Somchanmavong  Deputy Director General  Department of Planning  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Mr. Amphayvanh Oudomdeth  Deputy Director General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Bouakeo Suvanthong  Deputy Director General  Department of Hygiene and Health Promotion  Ministry of Health  
Ms. Sipaphaphone Chounramany  Director of Macroeconomic Planning Division  Department of Planning  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Mr. Souphasay Komany  Director of Climate Change Policy Division  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Thoumthone Vongvisouk  Director of REDD+ Division  Department of Forestry  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Ketsana Xaiyasarn  Secretary to the Minister  Permanent Secretary Office  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tavanh Kittiphone  Deputy Director, Division of Climate Change Adaptation  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Philaxay Manilack  Deputy Director of Planning and Cooperation Division  Department of Forestry  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Ms. Soudathip Nanthalath  Deputy Director, General Affairs Division  Permanent Secretary Office  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Mr. Sakounsit Sengkhamyong  Senior Officer  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Latdavanh Chanthaboury  Assistant to the Department of Planning  Department of Planning  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Lao People’s Democratic Republic (continued) 
Ms. Thoonsavanh Sichanthongthip  Assistant to the Environment Protection Fund  Environment Protection Fund  
Ms. Oulaykham Siphandone  Assistant to the Department of Climate Change  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Latvia 
H.E. Mr. Egils Levits  President of the Republic of Latvia  
H.E. Mr. Arturs Toms Pless  Minister of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of Latvia  
Mr. Dagnis Dubrovskis  Deputy State Secretary  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development  
Ms. Liza Leimane  Head of Climate Change and Adaptation Policy Division  Climate Change and Adaption Policy Division  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
Mr. Miks Strazdins  Adviser to the Minister  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
H.E. Mr. Ilmars Breidaks  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Latvia to the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Alise Pika-Ozola  Economic Policy Adviser to the President  Chancery of the President of Latvia  
Ms. Solveiga Liga Silkalna  Foreign Affairs Adviser to the President of Latvia  Chancery of the President of Latvia  
Ms. Justine Deicmane  Head of Media Center of the President of Latvia  Chancery of the President of Latvia  
Ms. Skaidrite Zarane  Deputy Head of President's Protocol  Chancery of the President of Latvia  
Mr. Oskars Kurss  Third Secretary  Embassy of the Republic of Latvia in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Agita Gancone  Senior Expert  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
Ms. Liene Grike  Senior expert  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
Ms. Kristine Zommere-Rotcenkova  Senior Expert  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development of the Republic of Latvia  
Ms. Ieva Licite  Scientific Assistant  Latvian State Forest Research Institute Silava  
Mr. Ilmars Znotins  Official Photographer of the President of Latvia  
Mr. Gatis Bergmanis  Official Cameraman to the President of Latvia  Chancery of the President of Latvia  
Mr. Aleksejs Blusins  Security Officer of the President of Latvia  
Mr. Janis Gailitis  Security Officer of the President of Latvia  
Ms. Anete Bike  Youth delegate  
Ms. Antra Esenberga  Head of EU budget and financing unit  Fiscal Policy Department  Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Latvia  
Mr. Mohsen Ibrahim Ahmed Ahmed  Driver to the Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Latvia in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Ghada Salem Eid Aly  Assistant to the Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Latvia in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Lebanon 
H.E. Mr. Mohamad Najib Mikati  President of the Council of Ministers  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Nasser Yassine  Minister of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Walid Fayad  Minister of Energy and Water  Ministry of Energy and Water  
Ms. Nancy El Khoury  Head of Department/Chief of Registrar  Public Relations and External Affairs Department/Service of Registrar  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Vahakn Kabakian  Climate Change Advisor  Climate Change Unit  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Ali Halabi  Ambassador  Embassy of Lebanon to Egypt  
Mr. Lahoud Lahoud  Director General of Protocol and Public Relations  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Lebanon (continued) 
Ms. Lea Kai  Policy Analyst  Climate Change Unit  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Habib Maalouf  
Mr. Jamal Srouji  Associate, Climate Program  
Ms. Leya Zgheib  Project Coordinator  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Natalie El-Bittar  
Mr. Mohammad Abdallah  Colonel, Head of the Governmental Guard  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Hani Abed El Azeem  Employee  Embassy of Lebanon in Egypt  
Mme Rasha Dimasi  Protocol Officer  Protocol and Public Relation  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mme May Doumani  Spouse of PM Najib Mikati  
Mr. Fares Gemayel  Media Advisor to the Prime Minister  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Mr. Ziad Mikati  Advisor to the Prime Minister  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  
Lesotho 
Mr. Mokoena France  Director (a.i.)  Lesotho Meteorological Services  Ministry of Energy and Meteorology  
Mr. Makomoreng Fanana  
Mr. Koetlisi Koetlisi  
Mr. Tsotelo Lebete  
Mr. Lekhooa Letsatsi  
Mr. Morapeli Makhakhe  
Mr. Nkopo Joel Matsepe  World Food Programme  
Ms. Mapule Dorcas Moeketsi  NCCC Chair  National Committee on Climate Change Policy  
Mr. Lehlohonolo Morahanye  
Ms. Malichaba Nkhethoa  
Ms. Mookho Pule  
Mr. Muso Raliselo  Principal Energy Officer  Department of Energy  Ministry of Energy and Meteorology  
Mr. Pheello Ramotubei  
Ms. Matseko Rankhasa  
Mr. Maqhanolle Tsekoa  Weather Forecaster  Meteorology  Lesotho Meteorological Services  
Mr. Tabane Charles Tseole  Meteorologist  Lesotho Meteorological Services  Ministry of Energy and Meteorology  
Liberia 
H.E. Mr. George Manneh Weah  President of Liberia  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Wilson K. Tarpeh  Executive Director/CEO  Executive  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
H.E. Mr. Dee-Maxwell Saah Kemayah, Sr.  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Liberia  
H.E. Ms. Clar Marie Weah  First Lady  Republic of Liberia  
Mr. Jefferson F. Nyandibo  MEAs Coordinator/UNFCCC Focal Point  MEAs  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Ms. Williametta Edouarda Saydee-Tarr  Minister of Gender, Children and Social Protection  Ministry of Gender, Children and Social Protection  
Mr. Ledgerhood Julius Rennie  Minister  Ministry of Information, Cultural Affairs and Tourism  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Finda Nora Bundoo  Chief of Protocol, Executive Mansion  Ministry of State for Presidential Affairs  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Daniel Dee Ziankahn  Minister  Ministry of National Defense  
Ms. Ruth Coker Collins  Minister  Ministry of Public Works  
Mr. Yancy Derick Weah  Law Enforcement Officer/AIC  Executive Protection Service  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Lenn Eugene Nagbe  Comissioner General  Liberia Maritime Authority  Government of Liberia  
Mr. George Lolee Gontor  Minister  Ministry of Mines and Energy  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Mawine Guatta Diggs  Minister of Commerce & Industry  Ministry of Commerce & Industry  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Samuel Abue Wlue  Minister MOT  Ministry of Transport  Government of Liberia  
Mme Jeanine Milly Cooper  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Samuel D Tweah Jr  Minister of Finance  Ministry of Finance  Government of Liberia  
Liberia (continued) 
Mr. Don Angelo George  Chief of Office Staff  Executive Office  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Christopher Bangalie Kabah  Manager  Planning and Policy  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Danise Love Dennis  Media and Communication Specialist  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Sekou Kalasco Jomanday  Special Aide to the President  Ministry of State for Presidential Affairs  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Daisy B. Howe  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Emmanuel Temitope Olatunji  Administrator  School of Environmental Studies and Climate Change  University of Liberia  
Mr. Charles Asumana Sr  Administrator  Environmental Studies and Climate Change  University of Liberia  
Mr. Julius Sarwolo Nelson Jr  President  Executive  University of Liberia  
Mr. George T. Wilson III  Administrator  University of Liberia  
Mr. Mustapha Z. Sherman  Federation of Liberian Youth  
Ms. Love Poto Necollin  Climate Youth Negotiator  MEAs  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Joshua Badio  Economist  Economic Policy Management Unit  Monrovia City Corporation  
Mr. Michael E. Taire  Administrator  Society for the Conversation of Nature of Liberia  
Mr. Richard Hoff II  Society for the Conversation of Nature of Liberia  
Ms. Jessica L. Jimmy  Climate Youth Negotiator  Environmental Protection Agency, 4th street, Sinkor  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Ms. Charlene J. Freeman  Society for the Conversation of Nature of Liberia  
Mr. Sampson Scofield Bundoo JR  Supervisor GSD  City Government of Liberia  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Sayetta Doman Kpadeh  Director, Environmental Health  City Government of Monrovia  
Mr. Benjamin Saagieh Karmorh, Jr.  Instructor  Biological Sciences  University of Liberia  
Mr. Ernest D. Jallah  Secretary General  Federation of Liberian Youth  
Mr. Harrison Sam Karnwea  Board Chair- FDA  Forestry Development Authority  
Mr. Mike Doryen  Managing Director FDA  Forestry Development Authority  
Ms. Joyce Summerville Mensah  Board member FDA  Forestry Development Authority  
Ms. Martha Freeman Weah  Board Member FDA  Forestry Development Authority  
Mr. Saah Augustine David Jr.  National REDD+ Coordinator-FDA-RIU  Forestry Development Authority  
Mr. Isaac Nyaneyon Kannah  MRV officer -FDA-RIU  Forestry Development Authority  
Mr. Saye Thompson  National Union of Forestry Management Body  Forestry Development Authority  
Mr. Dominic Tiatou Johns  REDD+CONVENER-RTWG  Forestry Development Authority  
Ms. Joyce Alice Bonner Wantue  Director General City Beautification  City Government of Monrovia  
Mr. Bernice T. Dahn  Vice President for Health Sciences  Health Sciences  University of Liberia  
Ms. Nancy Ama Larnor  Special Aide to the First Lady  Ministry of State for Presidential Affairs  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Peter G. Mulbah  Country Director  Conservation International Liberia Office  
Mr. Shalom Mwendwa Ndiku  Police Director, Africa  Global Policy and Governmental Affairs  Conservation International  
Ms. Kiryssa Kasprzyk  Senior Manager  Global Policy and Governmental  Conversation International  
Ms. Lina Maria Barrera  Vice President  International Policy  Conservation International  
Ms. Vermon Sangah LLoyd  Environmental Technician- FDA  Forestry Development Authority  
Mr. Ezekiel Nyanfor  Executive Director  Liberian youth for climate action  
Ms. Yundeh A. Butler  Assistant Directress  Liberian youth for climate action  
Mr. Peace M. Karnkeh  Administrator  Liberian youth for climate action  
Ms. Clara Bethany Gallagher  Consultant  MEAs  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Liberia (continued) 
Ms. Zuzanna Janina Borowska  Administrator  Open Dialogues International Foundation  
Ms. Emmawa Saymu Gbortoe  Volunteer  Ministry of Gender Children and Social Protection  
Mr. Ousman Diallo  Presidential Photographer  Ministry of State for Presidential Affairs  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Philenea Kotati Karnga  Administrator  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Emmanuel Anointed Gbortoe  Special Assistant  Honorable House of Representatives  
Ms. Arthurline P.Y Duogee  Secretary  House of Representatives  
Mr. James John Reynolds  Assistant Minister for Planning and Programming  Ministry of Public Works  
Ms. Gehnyea Yai Gbeanquoi  Environmental Engineer  Ministry of Public Works  
Mr. E. Hodo Dossen  Environmental Engineer  Ministry of Public Works  
Mr. Benjamin Gbanee Yiediboe  Technical Assistant  Ministry of Public Works  
Mr. Justin Ayaegbunem Akankali  Proffesor  University of Liberia  
Mr. Tom-Wesley N. Korkpor  Assistant Director  Liberia Land Authority  
Mr. Teddy Penneku Taylor  National Focal Point/ACE  MEA  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Arthur R.M. Becker  Focal Point -CBIT  Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Ms. Famatta Morris Manu  Minister  Embassy of Liberia in Cairo  
Mr. Mohammed A. Nyei  Minister Councillor  Embassy of Liberia in Cairo  
Ms. Marcelle Gaelle Mediem  Chief of Office Staff, First Lady's Office  Ministry of State for Presidential Affairs  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Najet S. Akar  Director of Protocol, First Lady's Office  Ministry of State for Presidential Affairs  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Israel G. Tamba  Climate Youth Negotiator  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Seward Briggs  Law Enforcement Officer  Executive Protection Service  Government of Liberia  
Mr. John Forkpa Kannah  Forestry  University of Liberia  
Mr. Jeremiah Garwo Sokan Sr  National Coordinator  National Climate Change Secretariat  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Mr. Sarwee Joe-wia Faeflen  Cosah Dean  Liber arts  African Methodist Episcopal University  
Mr. Abubakar Kromah  Country Coordinator  Climate Live Liberia  
Mr. Zargou Elijah Whapoe  Focal Point , LFSP  Multilateral Environmental Agreement  Environmental Protection Agency of Liberia  
Ms. Leway Wantee  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Bona Zarkpah  Revenue agent  City Government of Monrovia  
Mr. Smith Maxwell Toby  Deputy Press Secretary MOS  Ministry of State  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Rebecca Bendu Dennis  Protocol Officer  Ministry of State  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Bob G Dweh  JR Aide-De- Camp- President  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Cleopatra Cummings Boima  Senior Protocol Officer  Ministry of State  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Kollie Moore  Vice President for International Affairs  Liberian National Student Union  
Mr. Steve W. Collins  President, Grand Gedeh Student Union  Liberian National Student Union  
Ms. Maggie Comstock  Senior Director Climate Policy  Conservation International US  
Mr. Nick Benitos Goll II  Safeguard Specialist/ EPA  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Sylvia Saygbay D. Dorbor  
Mr. Joseph Gboo Duolupeh  SPU, Manager  Forestry Devolpment Authority  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Oretha Bundoo Seh  Reporter  Female Journalist Association of Liberia  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Rita Jlogbe  Reporter  Female Journalist Association of Liberia  
Ms. Pinky Vangerline Kpotoe  Reporter  Female Journalist Association of Liberia  
Liberia (continued) 
Mr. Kunan Brewer Veselly  National Center for the coordination of Reponse Mechanism  
Mr. Stephen Bigboy Lavalah  Executive Director  Youth Exploring Solutions  
Mr. Emmanuel Orlind Cooper  Director-Lina Visual EM  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Jeddlee Stephen Kinnii  National Coordinator  African Youth Peer Review Committee  
Mr. Alioune Fall  Chairman, Board of Director  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Karen Munoko Musikoyo  Agribusiness Expert  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Aggrey Agumya  Director, Research and Innovatuin  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Oluwole Abiodun Fatunbi  Senior Cluster Lead, FARA  Government of Liberia  
Mr. James Mckeown Parker  Principal, project Manager  Min istry of Agriculture  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Nadia Cristiane de Tavares Goodman  Principal Project Manager  Ministry of Agriculture  Government of Liberia  
Ms. Kadiatu A Sheriff  Student  University of Liberia  
Mr. Collins Mcclellan Breeze  
Mr. Michael Anthony Martinez  Executive Director  Social Revolt Agency  
Mr. Johnson N. Gwaikolo  Representative  Government of Liberia  
Mr. Stephen Patrick Keppel  President  PVBLIC Foundation /DMZ  
Mr. Peter Daniel Simek  Journalist  
Mr. Matthew Nikitas Bird  President, ESG News  
Mr. Kevin Dewayne Porier  Director, Executive Producer  Social Revolt Agency  
Libya 
Mr. Mohamed Menfi  President of the Libyan Presidential Council  Government of Libya  
Mr. Ibrahim Mohamed  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Radhwan Imseesah  Director of Security Affairs Department  
Mr. Nassir Naser  Advisor for Minister of Environment  Minister Office  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mustafa Abdulhadi  Advisor  Minster office  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Hussam Asbeig  Econmic advisor to the President of the Presidency Council  
Mr. Jaad Almawlay Bouhuweesh  president Special Adviser  
Mr. Mohamed Elshikhi  environmental activist  
Mr. Adel Gradab  Head of protocol Division ofProtocol Department  
Mr. Elhadi Almabruk Mawlod Abogrean  National Authority for Scientific Research  
Mr. Monsef Elshalowi  Consultant  The National Oil Corporation (NOC)  
Mr. Tarek Abuzgaya  Head of Protocol Division  
Mr. Sami Basheer  
Mr. Miloud Elmasri  assist technical attaché at libyan embassy  
Mr. Abdulmutalip Hamad  Permanent Representative to the League of Arabic States  
Mr. Mohamed Khalil  
Mr. Mohammed Yousif  Ambassador  
Liechtenstein 
Mr. Stefan Hassler  Director Office of Environment  Office of Environment  Government of Liechtenstein  
Ms. Karin Jehle  Officer  Environment Office  Liechtenstein Administration  
Mr. Andreas Foser  Diplomatic Officer/First Officer  Liechtenstein Administration  
Lithuania 
Mr. Danas Augutis  Vice-Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Simonas Gentvilas  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Judita Liukaityte-Kukiene  Advisor  Climate policy group  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Mindaugas Andrulis  Security officer  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Ms. Kristina Belikova  Adviser to the President  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Ms. Rasa Cernakauskiene  Advisor  Ministry of Environment of Lithuania  
Mr. Robertas Dackus  Photographer  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Lithuania (continued) 
Mr. Arturas Gailiunas  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Lithuania in Cairo  
Ms. Kamila Gasinska  Innovation expert  Innovation Agency Lithuania  
Ms. Agne Jakstiene  Adviser to the President  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Ms. Marile Kosaite  
Mr. Andrius Macijauskas  Adviser, Protocol  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Mr. Jaroslav Neverovic  Chief Adviser to the President  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Mr. Darius Nevulis  First Secretary  Lithuanian Embassy in Cairo  
Ms. Dalia Tamošiuniene  Adviser to the President  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Ms. Ieva Ulcickaite  Chief Adviser to the President  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Mr. Linas Uleckas  Security officer  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Ms. Vilma Vaiciuniene  Chief specialist  Ministry of Transport and Communications  
Mr. Arvydas Vaitekunas  Security officer  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Mr. Valentinas Voitovas  Official cameraman  Office of the President of the Republic of Lithuania  
Ms. Aiste Zilinskiene  Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Stasile Znutiene  Senior advisor  Climate policy group  Ministry of Environment  
Luxembourg 
S.E. M. Xavier Bettel  Premier ministre, Ministre d‘Etat  
S.E. Mme Joëlle Welfring  Ministre de l'Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. André Weidenhaupt  Directeur Général  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. Georges Gehl  Attaché de Gouvernement Premier en Rang  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. Andrew Ferrone  Chef de service  Service de la Météorologie, Adminstration des Services Techniques de l'Agriculture  Ministère de l'Agriculture, de la Viticulture et du Développement Rural  
M. Baas Brimer  Expert - Environment and Climate Change  Lux-Development S.A.  
Mme Celine Derveaux  Attachée de presse du Premier ministre  Ministère d'État  
M. Lennart Duschinger  Attaché  Ministère des Finances  
M. Claude Faber  Conseiller diplomatique du Premier ministre  Ministère d'État  
M. Jérôme Faé  Attaché  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. Paul Galles  Député  
M. Frank Genot  Conseiller économique du Premier ministre  Ministère d'État  
Mme Virginie Gilbert  Agent de la Coopération  Direction de la coopération au développement et de l’action humanitaire  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères et Européennes  
M. Max Gutenkauf  Chargé de la communication digitale du Premier ministre  Ministère d'État  
Mme Claudia Hitaj  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. Thomas Schoos  Conseiller de gouvernement  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
M. Jimmy Skenderovic  Attaché  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable  
Mme Jessie Thill  Députée  
Madagascar 
S.E. M. Andry Nirina Rajoelina  Président de la République de Madagascar  Présidence de la République  
Mme Lalatiana Rakotondrazafy  Ministre  Ministère de la Communication et de la Culture  
S.E. M. Harifidy Janset Ramilison  Ministre de l'Agriculture et de l'Elevage  Ministère de l'Agriculture et de l'Elevage  
Madagascar (continued) 
S.E. M. Herimanana Razafimahefa  Président du Sénat  Sénat  
S.E. Mme Mialy Annick Razakandisa ép. Rajoelina  Epouse du Président de la République  Présidence de la République de Madagascar  
S.E. Mme Marie Orléa Vina  Ministre de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Rajafetra Setraniaina Solomanjaka Abraham  Secretaire Général du Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Jonathan Mickael Andreas  Point Focal Climate Vulnerability Forum  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Lantoniaina Herisoa Andriafenomiarisoa  Chef de Division de Coordination et centralisation des données  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Njaka Stephan Andriamahery  Attaché de presse au près de cabinet  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Rakotondravao Hery Andriamaro  Attaché de cabinet  Présidence de la République  
Mme Haja Felana Andrianaivo  Responsable du Projet  CARE International  
Mme Florence Andrianaivohery née Rakotonirina  Directeur de Cabinet  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mme Romiary Andrianarisoa Ramaharimandimby ép.Voos  Présidente de la Commission de Développement Durable  Groupement des Entreprises de Madagascar  
Mr. Rajoniaina Kevin Andrianasinavalona  Coordonnateur  Green N Kool  
Mme Holisoa Gentiane Andrianisa  Conseiller technique  Presidence de la République  
Mr. Mickael Benoit Andriantody  Garde du Corps du Prédident  Presidence de la République  
Mr. Ramakararo Come Andriantsalama  Chargé d'étude  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durablede l'Ecologie et des Forets  
Mr. Nirina Luciano Elhy de Princy Andriavelojaona  Directeur Géneral ANDEA  Ministère de l'Eau, de l'Assainissement et de l'Hygiène  
Mme Fifine Rogette Barège  Conseillère technique du cabinet  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Arona Marisiky Daodo  Gouverneur Diana  Ministère de l'Interieur et de la Décentralisation  
Mr. Olivier Andriakaja Elack  Directeur Général  BNGRC  
Mme Jeremiah Fenitra  Coordonnateur Technique Recherche et Développement  SAF/FJKM  
Mme Hantasoa Haingoninoro Fida Cyrille  Conseiller spécial du Président du Sénat  Sénat  
Mr. Max Andonirina Noeli Fontaine  Directeur Général  Bondy  
Mme Harisoa Rondro Herinirina  Point Focal Suppléant Fonds Adaptation  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement DurableMEEF  
Mme Ambinintsoa Heritokilalaina  Chef de Service Base des données et Suivi évaluation  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  Bureau National Changement Climatique  
M. Michel Omer Laivao  Point Focal National Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Écologie et des Forêts  
Mr. Aimé Marcellin Lalason  Point Focal Fonds Adaptation/Chef de Service Adaptation et Résilience Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Bureau National Changement climatique Reddplus  
Mme Tatiana Andreanie Katia Mahery Rakotonirina  Lead Secrétariat/Comité Jeune  Groupe Thématique/ONG Maharitra  
M. Andriamanjato Mamitiana  Directeur de cabinet du Ministre  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Todisoa Manankasina  Chef de Service Fonds Carbone et Financement Exterieur/and Fvc/End CTCN  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Clermond Manantsoa  Directeur Regional  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développemenr Durable  
Mr. Kléoni Mandimbisoa  Directeur General assainissement et hygiène  Ministère de l'Eau, de l'assainissement et de l'Hygiène  
Mr. Jaona Mandimby Andrianarisoa  Point Focal Transparence Accord de Paris  Ministère de l'Environnement et Developpement Durable  
Mme Kolo Marie Christina  Directrice regionale Ocean Indien  ONG People Power Inclusion  
Madagascar (continued) 
Mme Fitiavana Donnie Miarisoa  Journaliste  TV Plus  
Mr. Jean André Ndremanjary  Sénateur, Doyen  Sénat  
M. Jean Gabriel Nirina  Coordonnateur du Projet SLEM  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mme Voaharisoa Sitrakantenaina Ny Andrianandrasana  Co-presidente GT-CC/Chef de Service Commercial et Communication SMA  GT-CC / SAMVA  
Mme Bodovoahangy Michelle Lovasoa Rabary ép. Rakotondravony  Journaliste  2424.mg  
Mme Hantaniaina Rabesandratana ep Randriamahaleo  Head of Programmes  WaterAid  
Mme Ajatiana Radoharinirina  Directeur Technique  SAF/FJKM  
Mme Miary Nissi Rafidimaharo Fenitr'andriana  Specialiste de la promotion  Unicef Madagascar  
Mme Ketakandriana Rafitoson  Directrice Executive  Publiez Ce Que Vous Payez  
Mme Baomiavotse Vahinala Raharinirina  Chief of Staff  Presidence de la Republique de Madagascar  
Mme Antonine Clara Raharisoa  Point Focal Genre-Climat  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mme Noro Domoina Raharovoatra  Assistante Dircecteur de Cabinet  ministère de l'Economie et de Finance  
Mme Nirivololona Raholijao  Directeur General-PF GIECC  Direction Generale de Meteorologie  
Mr. Maminirina Nalisoa Eddy Rajerison  Chargé de mission  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Léonnon Davis Rakotoarijaona  Journaliste  Midi-Madagasikara  
Mme Norohasina Rakotoarison ép. Tosy  Chef du Service de Santé et Environnement  Ministère de Santé Publique  
M. Zo Andrianina Patrick Heritiana Rakotomavo  Chef du Service Recherche Hydrométéorologique,  Ministère des Transports, du Tourisme et de la Météorologie.  
Mme Maminirina Nantenaina Rakotomavo  Journaliste  TV Viva  
Mme Mihary Nantenaina Rakotondranivo ép. Andriamasinandraina  Chef du Division strategie REDD+  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Tiarison Aimé Rakotondratsimba  Journaliste  SMC Press/Sodiat  
Mr. José Alain Rakotondrazafy  Député  Assemblée nationale  
Mr. Henri Rakotoson  Vice President  ONG Tafomiaavo National  
Mr. Solotiana Philémon Rakotovao  Aide de Camp  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Michel Urbain Ralibera  Journaliste  Radio Antsiva  
Mme Valerie Ramahavalisoa  Directeur  Ministere de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Richard Barjohn Ramanambitana  Senateur  Senat  
Mr. Andrianaritompo Stephane Ramananarivo  Consultant  Gasy Youth Up  
Mr. Andriamihaja Ranaivoson  Ingenieur meteo  Direction Génerale de Meteo  
Mr. Fameno Tahiana Ranaivoson  Chef de service environnemental et assainissement  Ministere de l'Eau et Assainissement  
Mme Leonie Ranarison  Co-lead Atténuation GT-CC  GTCC  
Mr. Fenohery Randrianantenaina  Coordonnateur Général  Ministère de l'Environnement, et Developpement Durable  
Mr. Sitraka Nehemia Randrianantoandro  Responsable du Projet  Move Up Madagascar  
Mme Avotiana Malalasoa Randrianarisoa ép. Andrianarilala  Chef de Service chargé de l'Environnement et Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
M. Manampisoa Haja Randriasandratana  Point Focal Loss and Damage  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durablets  
Mme Lova Hasinirina Ranoromaro  Directeur de la communication  Presidence de la République  
Mr. Jean Yves Spérat Rasaminantenaina  Assistant du PRM  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Rakotondramiarana Yves Rasatavalohery  Cameraman  TV Plus  
Mme Maevaniaina Rasoafara  Journaliste  RNM  
Madagascar (continued) 
Mr. Ando Mamy Thonny Rasoamiaramanana  Photographe  Presidence de la République  
Mr. Hery Rasolofoarimanana  Attaché de Cabinet  Presidence de la République  
Mr. Ramenason Voninahitriniaina Rasolonirina  Cadre d'appui technique  ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mme Rojo Tiana Ratovona  Interprète  Presidence de la République  
Mme Lantonirina Ratovonjanahary  Président AND MDP/Point Focal ACE du CCNUCC  Ministère de l'Environnement, et du Développement Durable  
Mme Andoniaina Ratsimamanga  Secretaire Général  Croix Rouge Malagasy  
Mr. Andriniony Ratsivahinisolo  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Andrianaritsifa Ravaloson  Directeur de Programmation et du Suivi Evaluation  Ministère de l'Eau, de l'Assainissement et de l'Hygiène  
Mme Valérie Mirana Ravaojarison Zafindravaka  Secretaire Executive  Programme Fihariana  
M. Heriniaina Raveloharison  Chef de Division Financement Exterieur/AND Fonds Vert Climat  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Ecologie et des Forêts  
Mme Lovakanto Njaran ny Fo Ravelomanana  Coordinator of BNCC-REDD+  Ministère de l'Environnement et Developpement Durable  Bureau National Changement climatique Reddplus  
Mr. Jean Michel Ravoninjatovo  Chef de Division  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Nantenaina Luciano Razafimahefa  Directeur chargée de la Communication et Information  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mme Mialisoa Lalaina Razafimbelo  Chef de Division Fonds Carbone/AND Fonds Vert Climat  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Mamy Nirina Razakanaivo  Secretaire Executif CPGU  Primature  
Mr. Mahafaly Joseph Said Zakaniaina  Deputé  Assemblée Nationale  
Mme Ernestine Marie Soalalao  Désignée régionale de l’ONG à la Commission Economique des Nations Unies  Congrégation Notre Dame de Charité du Bon Pasteur  
Mr. Lionel Armando Tezena  Directeur Regional Atsinanana  Ministere de l'Environnement et du Developpement Durable  
Mr. Fanomezantsoa Jaona Tinahy  Responsable du Projet Fanilo  FLM Eglise  
Malawi 
H.E. Mr. Lazarus McCarthy Dr Chakwera  Head of State  Government  
H.E. Mr. Eisenhower Nduwa Mkaka  Cabinet Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Climate Change  
H.E. Ms. Joyce Hilda Banda  Former Head of State  Government  
H.E. Mr. Samuel Dalitso Kawale  Cabinet Minister  Ministry of Agriculture  Government  
H.E. Mr. Ibrahim Imed Matola  Cabinet Minister  Government  
H.E. Ms. Nancy Gladys Tembo  Cabinet Minister  Government  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Colleen Pempho Zamba  Secretary to the President and Cabinet  Office of the President and Cabinet  Government  
Mr. Nkhwazi Alwin Tiyezge  Government  
Ms. Shamiso Nandi Banda  Deputy Director  EAD  Government  
Mr. Limbani Chizongo Bekete  Government  
Mr. Sipho Billiat  Development Planning Manager  Government  National Planning Commission  
Mr. Clement Lovemore Boyce  Chief Meteorologist  Depaertment of Climate Change and Meteorological Services  Ministry of Natural Resources and Climate Change  
H.E. Ms. Monica Chakwera  First Lady  Government  
Ms. Correta Catherine Chidzero  Government  
Mr. Harvey Maneno Chigumula  Chief of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government  
Mr. Alfonso Chikuni  PS for Eneergy  Ministry of Energy  Government  
Mr. Werani Manasseh Chilenga  Member of Parliament  National Assembly  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Edgar Vennancio Chinangwa  Government  
Mr. Vitumbiko Chinoko  Regional Advocacy Advisor  
Malawi (continued) 
Mr. Sosten Staphiel Chiotha  Regional Director  Academia  Government  
Mr. Chikondi Chisale  PA to the Minister  Ministry of Agriculture  Government  
Mr. Ephraim Tennyson Chivunde  Government  
Mr. Marshall Anusa Dyton  Ministry of Energy  Government  
Ms. Stella Funsani Gama  Technical Advisor  Ministry of Natural Resources and Climate Change  
Mr. Precious Mahara Gausi  Government  
Mr. Golivati Maloni Gomani  Environmental Inspector  Ministry of Forestry and Natural Resources  Government  
Ms. Beatrice Joan Gondwe  Government  
Mr. Yamikani Idrissah  Environmental Officer  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Dingiswayo George Jere  Government  
Ms. Miriam Dalitso Joshua  Senior Lecturer and Researcher  University of Malawi  
Ms. Wezzie Kabvuta  VSO Malawi  Government  
Ms. Mary Dominica Kachale  PS  Government  
Ms. Towera Kafotokoza  Government  
Mr. Charles Andrea Kalemba Phiri  Commissioner for Disaster Management Affairs  DoDMA  Government  
Mr. Joseph Osber Kalowekamo  Deputy Director  Government  Department of Energy  
Ms. Rabecca Kamwendo Kalyolyo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government  
Ms. Gertrude Kambauwa  Director  Department of Land Resources and Conservation  
Mr. Kefasi Jermiah Kamoyo  Principal Land Resources Conservation Officer  Department of Land Resources Conservation  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Sean Tsanzo Kampondeni  Government  
Mr. Blessings Pityt Kanache  Government  
Ms. Grace Kananga  Government  
Ms. Norah Kamuza Kangulu  Government  
Ms. Nellie Yankho Kapatuka  MANA  Government  
Mr. Bickiel Jnr Kapuchi  Government  
Ms. Weziwawo Audrey Louise Kasambala  Government  
Mr. Christopher Moffat Katani  Government  
Ms. Esther Kaunda  Ministry of Energy  Government  
Mr. Solomon Lovin Kavuta  Government  
Mr. John Paul Kayuni  ZBS  Government  
Ms. Catherine Nurujean Kunje  Head of Mission  CAIRO Mission  Government  
Ms. Martha Taziona Kwataine  Government  
Ms. Ella Lisuntha  Ministry of Energy  Government  
Mr. Scobie Mackay  Imperative INC  
Ms. Ruth Maganga  CISONECC  
Mr. Hilly Moses Hilario Magola  Government  
Mr. Potiphar Malapa  State House  Government  
Mr. Mathews Malata  President of AEJ  Editorial  Government of Malawi  
Ms. Tawesi Chanju Manda  Government  
Mr. Anderson Fyson Mbozi  Department of Irrigation  Government  
Mr. Hendricks Shyalulole Mgodie  Human Health and Climate Change Focal Point  Ministry of Health & Population  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Adamson Joseph Kuseri Mkandawire  State House  Government  
Mr. Clifford Wilson Mkanthama  Project Technical Coordinator  EAD  Government  
Mr. Patrick Mkwapatira  EAD  Government  
Ms. Medrina Linda Mloza Banda  PS Technical Services  Ministry of Agriculture  Government  
Mr. Arnold Gauthely Mnelemba  Government  
Mr. Lemekeza Hamilton Mokiwa  CARE Malawi  
Mr. Hamid Mponda  Malawi WHO Office  Government  
Mr. Mphatso Mtenje  Ministry of Energy  Government  
Malawi (continued) 
Ms. Lucy Mphatso Mtilatila  Director  Department of Climate Change and Meteorological Services  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Billy Mukwikwi  Plan Malawi  Government  
Ms. Annie Munthali  Green Girls Platform  
Ms. Brenda Mwale  Climate Leader  MaSP  Government  
Mr. John Chilekwa Mwase  Government  
Mr. Alfred Linga Mwenifumbo  Controller of Agriculture Extension and Technical Services  Ministry of Agriculture  Government  
Mr. Shoaib Mzoma  CAIRO Mission  Government  
Mr. Hillary Samson Namainja  Director of Administration  Ministry of Natural Resources and Climate Change  Government  
Ms. Chimwemwe Nyambose Ndhlovu  Government  
Mr. Wild James Ndipo  Mayor  Blantyre City Coincil  Government  
Ms. Lena Tiwonge Ndovi  Government  
Mr. Julius Ng'oma  National Coordinator  Government  
Ms. Tiwonge Ng'ona  AFRICA BRIEF/TIMES  Government  
Mr. Lee Aristotle Ngirazie  Christian Aid  Government  
Ms. Maggie Ngwira  Programme Coordinator  Trocaire  Government  
Mr. Dokani Mkwinda Ngwira  Government  
Ms. Gertrude Jeremiah Ng’oma  Partnerships and Climate Change Advisor  Concern Worldwide  Government  
Mr. Evans Davie Njewa  Chief Environmental Officer and UNFCCC Focal Point  Government of Malawi  
Mr. Davie Raphael Nkosi  Government  
Mr. Amon Dominic Nyasulu  Programme Manager  National Youth Network on Climate Change* 
Mr. Govati Benard Nyirenda  Government  
Mr. Gideon Kalumbu Phiri  Government  
Ms. Mwewa Phiri  Government  
Mr. Raphael Mb'obo Phiri  Government  
Mr. Jason Damon Rosamond  Future Earth  
Mr. Mukuse Daniel Sagawa  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government  
Ms. Madeleine Claire Karlsberg Schaffer  Silver Lining  
Ms. Juliet Suliwa  Government  
Ms. Jane Nina Swira  Program Manager, National Climate Resilience Programme  Environmental Affairs Department  Government  
Mr. Eliezer Tembo  Government  
Mr. Raphael Mickson Tsokalamzati  Government  
Ms. Tangu Isabel Tumeo  Government  
Ms. Prisca Pililani Waluza  Malawi Red Cross Society  Government  
Mr. Chimwemwe Yonasi  Environmental Inspector  Environmental Affairs Department  
Mr. Adwell Holance Raphael Zembele  EP&D  Government  
Mr. Alex Frackson Zgambo  Government  
Malaysia 
Mr. Zaini Ujang  Secretary General  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Zakri Abdul Hamid  Prime Minister's Special Representative for Climate Change  Prime Minister Office Malaysia  
Ms. Noor Afifah Binti Abdul Razak  Deputy Secretary General (Environment)  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Ahmad Farid Mohammed  Deputy Undersecretary (Climate Change Policy)  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Muhammad Ridzwan Ali  Senior Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Mohd Hafdzuan Bin Adzmi  Principal Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Mohd Fahusli Ali  Special Officer to Secretary General  Office of the Secretary General  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Malaysia (continued) 
Ms. Dayang Ratnasari Abu Bakar  Principal Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Nur Hasyima Binti Ismail  Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Marhaini Mat  Principal Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Sheela Inthiram  Senior Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Nur Hazirah Che Ithnin  Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Mohd Hanafi Mohd Sanusi  Public Communications Officer  Corporate Communication Unit  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Muhammad Azim Abdul Halim  Assistant Secretary  Information Management Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Ms. Nurul Husni Ab Rahman  Senior Federal Attorney  Head of Environment, Outer Space, Civil Aviation, and Personal International Law Unit  Attorney General Chambers Malaysia  
Mr. Muhammad Ikram Abd Aziz  Photographer  Corporate Communications Unit  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Mohamad Razif Abd Mubin  Deputy Secretary General (Energy)  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Ms. Aznifah Isnariah Abdul Ghani  Undersecretary  Multilateral Environment & Economics Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Simon Anak David  Head of Unit  REDD Plus Unit  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Ms. Nor Aslinda Awang  Director of Hydraulic and Instrumentation  National Hydraulic Research Institute of Malaysia  
Mr. Muhammad Ridzwan Bin Ali  Senior Assistant Secretary  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment and Water  
Mr. Ahmad Fairudz Bin Jamaluddin  Director (Atmospheric Science and Cloud Seeding)  Meteorological Department Malaysia  
Ms. Norizan Che Meh  Head of Bilateral Trading Unit  Attorney General Chambers Malaysia  
Mr. Chan Choon Keat  Senior Assistant Secretary  Forestry Management Division  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Mr. Maximilian Tariq Conrad  Principal Assistant Secretary  Fiscal and Economic Division  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Munirah Bibi Hamsa  Assistant Director (Environment/ Land/ Health)  State of Negeri Sembilan  
Ms. Suraya Harun  Deputy Head of Division  International Division  Attorney General Chambers Malaysia  
Ms. Noor Hidayu Hashim  Principal Assistant Director  Environment and Natural Resources Economic Division  Economic Planning Unit  
Mr. Fong Joo Chung  State Legal Counsel of Sarawak  Sarawak Legal Counsel  
Ms. Elizabeth M P Philip  Senior Research Officer  Forestry and Environment Division  Forest Research Institute of Malaysia  
Mr. Azman Mat Jusoh  Director (Water Resources and Climate Change Research Centre)  National Water Research Institute of Malaysia  
Ms. Aimi Hajar Mohamad Ridzwan  Senior Federal Attorney  Attorney General Chambers Malaysia  
Ms. Nur Adani Mohd Hasran  Senior Assistant Director  Trade and Industry Related Emerging Issues Division  Ministry of International Trade and Industry  
Ms. Nazuha Mohd Jai  Senior Federal Attorney  Attorney General Chambers Malaysia  
Mr. Nirwan Noh  Deputy Undersecretary  Fiscal and Economy Division  Ministry of Finance Malaysia  
Ms. Aimi Hazwanie Nordin  Analyst  Energy Commission Malaysia  
Ms. Siti Muhaza SH Zainal  Undersecretary  Strategic Planning and International  Ministry of Local Government and Housing  
Mr. Mohd Ridzwan Shahabudin  Principle Assistant Secretary  Multilateral Environment & Economics Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Malaysia (continued) 
Ms. Shanur Farrahin Shapri  Federal Attorney  Unit of Environment, Outer Space, Civil Aviation and Personal International Law Unit  Attorney General Chambers Malaysia  
Mr. Mohd Zahirul Naqi Shoaib  Consul (Agriculture)  Consulate General of Malaysia in Dubai  
Ms. Esther Lew Swee Yoong  Principal Assistant Secretary  Renewable Energy Division  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Maldives 
H.E. Mr. Faisal Naseem  Vice President of the Republic of Maldives  The President's Office  
H.E. Ms. Khadeeja Naseem  Minister of State for Environment, Climate Change and Technology  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Technology  
H.E. Ms. Aminath Shauna  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Technology  
Ms. Sara Abdul Ghanee  Senior Climate Diplomacy Officer  Office of the President's Special Envoy for Climate Change  
Mr. Hassan Abdul Latheef  Assistant Director, Protocol  The President's Office  
Mr. Amjad Abdulla  Advisor  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Technology  
Ms. Aishath Aileen Niyaz  Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Technology  
Mr. Zeid Raad Al Hussein  Advisor  
Ms. Hawwa Aliyya  Fenaka Cooperation Ltd  
Mr. Mohamed Athif  Fenaka Cooperation Ltd  
Ms. Olivia Rose Fielding  Advisor  
Mr. Michael Edward Franczak  Advisor  IPI  
Mr. Marco Antonio Heredia Fragoso  
H.E. Mr. Ibrahim Hood  Secretary, Foreign Relations  The President's Office  
Ms. Ulfath Ibrahim  Assistant Director, Climate Change  Special Envoy for Climate Change Office, President's Office  
Mr. Thibyan Ibrahim  Assistant Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Technology  
Ms. Fageeha Ibrahim  Senior Foreign Relations Officer  Foreign Relations Office  The President's Office  
Mr. Hassan Iqbal  Sergent First Class  Maldives National Defence Force  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Latheef  Foreign Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Jimena Leiva Roesch De Mansylla  Advisor  
Mr. Mark Tressilian Lynas  Advisor  
Mr. Hussain Azhaan Mohamed Hussain  Third Secretary  Permanent Mission of the Republic of Maldives to the United Nations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohamed Najeel  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Nazra Naseem  Chief Executive to Vice President  The President's Office  
Ms. Fathimath Nashwa  Chemicals Management Officer  Environment Department  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Technology  
Ms. Masooma Rahmaty  IPI  
Mr. Mohamed Rameez  Corporal  Maldives National Defence Force  
Ms. Aparajita Suresh Rao  Advisor  
Mr. Ibrahim Rasheed  Fenaka Cooperation Ltd  
Ms. Aishath Sada  Director  Fenaka Corporation Limited  
Mr. Ahmed Saeed Mohamed  Managing Director  Fenaka Corporation Limited  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Shiaan  Chief of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Aishath Reesha Suhail  International Relations Officer  Water Department  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Technology  
Mr. Ahmed Ulwan  Board Member  Fenaka Corporation Limited  
Mr. Ahmed Waheed  Director  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change and Technology  
Mr. Mohamed Sharhaan Waheed  Photographer  The President's Office  
Mr. Michael Craig Weisberg  Advisor  
Mali 
Mr. Drissa Doumbia  Technical Advisor to the Director  Agence de l’Environnement et du Développement Durable  Ministère de l'Environnement, de l'Assainissement et du Developpement Durable  
Mali (continued) 
S.E. M. Modibo Koné  Ministre  Environnement  Government  
Mr. Hussein Alfa Nafo  conseller  Environnent  Présidence  
Mr. Allassane Ba  Director  Ministere Environnement et Assainissement  Agence de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Boubacar Diallo  Ambassadeur  Affaires étrangères  Ambassade  
M. Modibo Sacko  Conseiller Technique  Environnement  Government  
Mr. Jourdan Charles Abdoulaye  
Mr. Mahamane Almaimoune  Journaliste  Preefen  Agence du Bassin du Fleuve Niger  
Mr. Amadou Aly  Controleur de Service Pen  CNT  
Mr. Assa Ascofare  Financière  Administration  ANICT  
Mr. Souleymane Berthé  Directeur Général  Energie  
Ms. Binta Bocoum  Juriste  Ministere Promotion de la Femme  
Mr. Mohamed Camara  Coordinateur  Réso climat  Réso Climat  
Mr. Ibrahima Camara  
Ms. Lala Camara  Cordinatrice  Environment  Luz Agency  
Mr. Ousmane Cisse  Développement social  Agence du Bassin du Fleuve Niger  
Ms. Aissata Cisse  Ingénieur Sanitaire  Environnement  
Mr. Hadi Coulibaly  Attaché de cabinet  Environnement  Environnement  
Mr. Cheick Oumar Coulibaly  
Mr. Aguibou Coulibaly  Communication  ORTM  
Ms. Fatoumata Dembele  Membre CNT  Assemblée nationale  CNT  
Mr. Sory Ibrahim Diagouraga  DGA  Gouv  ANICT  
Ms. Bibata Diakité  Etudiante  Educatiion  Education  
Mr. Bakary Diakite  
Ms. Kadiatou Diallo  ing Eaux et forêts  Environnement  Agence du Bassin du Fleuve Niger  
Mr. Alassane Diallo  Ingénieur des EF  Environnement  Environnement  
Mr. Oumar Diallo  Chef de Cabinet MEADD  Environnement  Environnement  
Ms. Mariame Diallo  Maire  Administration  Mairie CIII  
Mr. Toumani Diallo  Directeur ANGMV  ENv  
Mr. Moussa Diamoye  DGA  Environnement  
Mr. Bakary Diarra  Analyste  Primature  CNAP  
Mr. Sory Ibrahim Diarra  Juriste  Jeunesse  CNJ  
Mr. Abdoulaye Diop  Ministre des Affaire Etrangères  
Ms. Fatou Binta Diop  
Mr. Amadou Gora Diop  Primature  
Mr. Bocoum Djoouro  Directeur national  Eau  National Office of Hydrography  
Mr. Soumana Fofana  Coordinateur  Environnement  Environnement  
Mr. Amidou Goita  Environnement  Government  
Mr. Mamadou Goumane  Ingénieur des EF  Environnement  AEDD  
Mr. Asharf Mahmoud Ahmed Hussein  
Ms. Goundo Kamissoko  Conseillère  Promotion de la Femme  DNPFEF  
Mr. Setigui Keita  Sociologue  Admintration  ANICT  
Ms. Fatoumata Kone  Directrice  Environnement  Environnement  
Mr. Zantigui Boua Kone  Directeur  Environnemnet  
Mr. Demba Kone  Ministre Conseiller  Affaire étrangères  Amabassade du Mali au Caire  
Mr. Oumar Nama Magassa  
Mali (continued) 
Ms. Ouma Djeneba Mahamane  Directrice  environnement  Environnement  
Mr. Abdoulaye Mahamane  Conseiller Technique  ANICT  
Mr. M'barakou Maiga  Journaliste  Communication  ORTM  
Mr. Abdoulaye Maiga  Premier ministre PI  
Mr. Modibo Ouattara  Communicateur  Environnement  Agence de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Arouna Salif Samake  Conseiller  Ambassade du Mali au Caire  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Nouhoum Samake  
Mr. Adama Sangaré  Maire central  Marie  Maire Central  
Mr. Amadou Tiéman Sangare  Conseiller Technique  Environnement  Agency of Environment  
Mr. Youssouf Sanogo  
Mr. Douba Serge I  Affaire Etrangère  DCM  Coopération Internationale  
Ms. Alimata Sissoko  Assistante  Environnement  Agency of Environment  
Mr. Ousmane Sissoko  DFM Adjoint  Environnement  Agency of Environment  
Mr. Sidy Soumahoro  Artiste  Culture  
Mr. Simballa Sylla  Membre du CESC  CESC  
Ms. Aissata cheick Sylla  Chargé de Mission  Environnement  Government  
Ms. Ramata Toure  
Mr. Moussa Toure  
Mr. Hamidou Traore  Vice President  CNT  
Mr. Zoumana Traoré  Financier  Admintration  ANICT  
Mr. Sidi yaya Joseph Traoré  Conseiller  Environnement  Agency of Environement  
Ms. Fanta Traoré eps Tandia  Agrométeo  Météo  Government  
Mr. Mahamoudou Wadidie  Ing C.I  Marie District  ADR  
Mr. Diakaridia Yossi  chargé de Mission  Environnement  Government  
Mr. Maman Zakara Oumarou  NDC Facilitator  Environment  Agency of Environment  
Malta 
H.E. Mr. Robert Abela  Hon. Prime Minister Republic of Malta  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Ms. Miriam Dalli  Minister for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
H.E. Mr. Roderick Galdes  Hon. Minister Social and Affordable Accommodation  Ministry for Social and Affordable Accomodation  
Mr. Joseph Caruana  Permanent Secretary  Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
Mr. Glenn Micallef  Head of Secretariat  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Ms. Simone Borg  Ambassador for Climate Change  Ministry for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Margaret Cassar Severino Goncalves  Director General  Sustainable Development, Environment and Climate Change Directorate  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
H.E. Mr. Roberto Pace  Ambassador  Embassy of the Republic of Malta to Egypt  Ministry for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Jeremy Dalli  Head of Secretariat  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
Ms. Abigail Cutajar  Advisor  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
Ms. Miriam Dalli  Head of Communications  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
Mr. Charles Buttigieg  Chief Policy Officer  Energy and Water Agency  
Ms. Lina Al Nafouri  First Counsellor  Embassy of the Republic of Malta to Egypt  Ministry for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade  
Mr. David Muscat  Assistant Director  Environment and Climate Change Directorate  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
Malta (continued) 
Ms. Giulia Buhagiar  Environment Officer  Environment and Climate Change Directorate  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
Ms. Marija Pia Gatt  Project Officer  Climate Change Unit  Malta Resources Authority  
Ms. Louise Attard  Senior Analyst  Climate Change Unit  Malta Resources Authority  
Mr. Edward Montebello  Head of Government Communications  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Gareth Degiorgio  Photographer  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Anthony Axiak  Police Constable  Malta Police  
Mr. Manuel Sapiano  Chief Executive Officer  Energy and Water Agency  
Mr. Carmelo Abela  Member of the Parliament  Parliament of Malta  
Mr. Christopher Borg  Prime Minister Personal Security Officer  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Yacopo Luigi Baldacchino  President  Maltese National Youth Council  
Ms. Chloe Cauchi  Officer  Maltese National Youth Council  
Mr. Stefan Cutajar  Policy Consultant  Ministry for Social and Affordable Accommodation  
Mr. Jake Adam Azzopardi  Policy Consultant  Ministry for Social and Affordable Accommodation  
Mr. Kurt Mizzi  Digital Media Officer  Ministry for the Environment, Energy and Enterprise  
Marshall Islands 
Mr. Clarence Samuel  Director  Ministry of Environment  Climate Change Directorate  
H.E. Mr. John M. Silk  Minister of Natural Resources & Commerce  Ministry of Natural Resources & Commerce  
Ms. Kathy Neien Jetnil-Kijiner  Climate Change Envoy  Ministry of Environment  Climate Change Directorate  
Ms. Kristina E. Stege  Climate Change Envoy  Ministry of Environment  Climate Change Directorate  
H.E. Mr. Maynard Alfred  Senator  Parliament  
Mr. Adrian Cerezo  Early Childhood & CC Advisor  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Guillaume Charron  CC & HR Advisor  CCD  Initiative Développement  
Ms. Angeline Heine-Reimers  Director  Ministry of Environment  National Energy Office  
Ms. Molly M. Helkena  ECD Consultant  OCS  
Ms. Helene Jacot des Combes  NAP Advisor  Office of the Chief Secretary  Pacific Resilience Project II  
Ms. Bernadette Kabua  RMI Climate Change Coordinator  Ministry of Environment  Climate Change Directorate  
Mr. Mahendra Kumar  CC Advisor  Ministry of Environment  Climate Change Directorate  
Mr. Christopher S. Leon  
Ms. Malolae C. Leon  
Ms. Kirsten Maddison  Youth Representative  Ministry of Environment  Climate Change Directorate  
Mr. Broderick J Menke  NAP Coordinator  Ministry of Environment  Climate Change Directorate  
Ms. Andrea C. Muller  Deputy Permanent Representative  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Republic of the Marshall Islands Permanent Mission to the UN  
Mr. Balton Nathan  Foreign Affairs Officer  MOFAT  
Ms. Jollia Peter  Youth Representative  Jo-Jikum  
Mr. Anthony Ripley  CC Advisor  Initiative Développement  
Mr. Espen Ronneberg  Director  CCES  Secretariat of the Pacific Community  
Ms. Atina M. Schutz  Youth Representative  CCD  Pacific Islands Students Fighting Climate Change  
Ms. Mary Silk  
Mr. Johnny K. Silk, Jr.  Youth Representative  350.org  
Ms. Sindy Singh  CC Advisor  CCD  Initiative Développement  
Mr. Benjamin Wakefield  Deputy Director  Ministry of Environment  National Energy Office  
Ms. Leah Wawro  CC Advisor  Climate Change Directorate  Independent Diplomat  
Marshall Islands (continued) 
Ms. Yoshiko Yamaguchi  PBF Project Manager  Ministry of Environment  CCD  
Mauritania 
S.E. M. Mohamed Cheikh El Ghazouani  Président de la République  
M. Mohamed Salem Merzoug  Ministre  PR  
Mr. Abdessalam Mohamed Saleh  Ministre  MPEMi  
Mme Laliya Kamara  Ministre de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  MEDD  
Mr. Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed ould Babah  Ministre  PR  
Mr. Sidi Mohamed Abdellahi  Ambassadeur  
Mr. El Hacen Ahmed  DG PE  PR  
Mr. Mohamed N'Dary  
Mr. Boubacar Weiss Boubacar Weiss  PR  
Mr. Ahmed Saleck Abdel Jelil  AMT  
Mr. El Alem Baghi  Amba RIM  
Mr. Dah Bah  Association Amerd  
Mr. M’hamed Guelaye  Amba RIM  
Mr. Sidiya Ismail  Amba RIM  
Mr. Brahim Said  Secretaire Exécutif  APGMV  
Mr. Navae Abd Dayem  Region de Nouakchott  
Mr. Limam Abdawa  Coord Programme  CSA  
Mr. Tourad Abdel Baghi  MPEMi  
Mr. Watt Abdel Jelil  Présidence  
H.E. Ms. Fatimetou Abdel Malick  Présidente  Région de Nouakchott  
Mr. Ismail Abdel Vetah  Conseiller  
Mr. Mohamed Abdel Wedoud  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Karim Mohamed Alaaeldin Abdelhakim Youssef  MPEMi BP  
Mme Lalla Abdellahi  Reg Nktt  
Mr. Pouroulis Adonis  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mr. Douwa Ahmed  PR  
Mr. Ahmed Baba Ahmed Bouda  AMT  
Mr. Saleck Ahmed Cherif  Reg Nktt  
Mr. Aminetou Ahmed Louly  MS  
Mr. Ahmed Vall Ahmed Vall  MPEMi  
Mr. Barikalla Ahmedou  
Mr. Ali Alwat  Présidence  
Mr. Mohamed Amara  AMM  
Mr. Amadou Ba  Societé Civile RIM Youth  
Mr. Amadou Ba  Nafore  
Mr. Adama BA  Maire  
Mr. Hamza Babetta  SGA  Patronat  
Mr. Waly Bamba  AMM  
Mr. Moustapha Bechir  MPEMi  
Mme Aycha Beddi  Réseau des Femmes Elues Locales d'Afrique  
Mr. Babe Begnoug  
Mr. Kamel Ben Naceur  MPEMi  
Mme Meidouwa Berdis  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Dean Mark Bialek  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mme Aminetou Bilal  Societé Civile  Selfie Mbalite  
Mr. Gordon Young Birrell  MPEMi  
Mr. Ethmane Boubackar  Chef Service DPN  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mme Toutou Bouka  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Nouri Chahid  MPEMi - CWP  
Mr. Bou Ely Cheikh Bahayde  Reg Nktt  
Mr. Bowbeni Cheikh Belmaali  Société Nationale Industrielle et Minière  
Mr. Mohamed Cheikh Mohamd El Mamy  Directeur  ONM  
Mr. Seyidi Abdel Kader Jeilani Cisse  Conseiller du Ministre  MIDEC  
Mme Fabienne Sophie Maria Cordier ép Demol  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mme Zahra Coulibaly  MASEF  
Mauritania (continued) 
Mr. Hamidou Coulibaly  Directeur  ONM  
Mr. Mekhalla Dellaly  Amba RIM  
Mme Aissata Dia  AMM  
Mr. Mamadou Dia  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Seyidina Alioune Diallo  BIT  
Mme Kadiata Diallo  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Yelly Diawara  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Guite Diop  
Mr. Dey Dje  AMM  
Mme Anja Isabel Dotzenrath  MPEMi  
Mr. Bamba Dramane  AMM  
Mr. Sidaty Eida  Personne Ressource  
Ms. Ebby El Agheb  Directrice Adj Adm et Financière  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Ahmed Salem El Arbi  Ministry of the Economy  
Mr. Ahmed El Ghorbi  
M. Sidi Mohamed El Wavi  Chargé de Mission/Point Focal National de la Convention Cadre sur le Changement Climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Oumar Eleyatt  PR  
Mr. Ifeatu Chukwuemeka Emembolu  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mr. Ebaye Emine  
Mr. Alioun Fall  Assistant Coordinateur  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Ahmed Salem Habiboullah  Reg Nouakchott  
Mr. Tarik Adam Hamane  
Mr. Khadijetou Hamed  Reg Nktt  
Mr. Mohamedou Hanene  
Mr. Nader Helmi Zaki Youwakim  MPEMi  
Mr. Jose Alexander Hewitt  MPEMi  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mr. Elghotob Houeiriya  MDHSC  
Mr. Emil Isa Oglu Ismayilov  MPEMi  
Mme Aicha Ivoukou  REFLA  
Mr. James Alexander Josling  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mr. Cheikh Sidi Ethmane Kane  
Mr. Mamadou Amadou Kane  MPEMi  
Mr. Lehbib Khroumbaly  MPEMi  
Mr. Cheikh Konate  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Koch Blank Lars Thomas  Ministry of Fisheries and the Maritime Economy  
Mr. Hassny Lefghih  MAECME  
Mr. Thierry Lepercq  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mr. Mohamed Limam  MPEMi  
Mr. Bernard Looney  MPEMi  BP  
Mr. Ramy Lotfy  MPEMi - CWP  
Mr. Djibril Ly  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Abakar Mahamat Zougoulou  Directeur  Direction Scientifique  Pan African Agency of the Great Green Wall  
Mr. Ndiaye Mansour  
Mr. Hacen Maouloud  Conseiller  MEDD  
Mr. Mohamed Mbarek  
Mme Ayana Kai Mcintosh  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mr. Zeidane Meihimid  Président Région  
Mr. Mohamed Said Minnih  
Mr. Moctar Moctar Lely  Société Nationale Industrielle et Minière  
Mr. Sidi Lebeid Mohamed  PR  
Mr. Cheikh Mohamed El Mokhtar Mohamed Abdellahi  Reg Nktt  
Mr. Mohamed Ahid Mohamed Ahid  Taazour  
Mr. Sidi Abdellah Mohamed Ahmed  
Mme Melika Mohamed El Bechir  MPEMi  
Mme Fatimetou Mohamed El Maouloud  AMM  
Mr. Sidi Mohamed Laghdaf  Ambassadeur  
Mr. Elemine Mohamed Lemine  
Mr. Dah Mohamed Mahmoud  
Mme Vivi Mohamed Yahya  MPEMi  
Mr. Saadou Ebih Monane  MHA  
Mme Margaret Mutschler  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mme Mariem Nevissa N'Daw  MPEMi  
Mauritania (continued) 
Mr. Mouloud N'diiaye  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mme Kadio Niang  
Mme Sadia Ouar ép, Demarquez  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Daf Ould Daf  MEDD  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mme Jeyed Oumkelthoum  MPEMi SMH  
Mr. Mouamar Saleh  MPEMi  
Mr. Brahim Sall  Sder Consult - Personne ressource  
M. Moussa Elimane Sall  Societé Civile RIM Youth  
Mme Fatimata Sao  AMM  
Mr. Ahmed Salem Sellahi  Chef Service  MEDD  
Mme Fatimetou Sid Elemine  MPEMi  
Mr. Mohamed Yahye Sidi  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Moulaye Ismail Sidi Belle  Société Nationale Industrielle et Minière  
Mr. Mohamed Yahya Sidi Mahmoud  CM  MA  
Mr. Madalena Silva Soares De Albergaria  
Mme Khadijetou Sneh  Ministère délégué auprès du premier ministre, chargé de l'environnement et du développement durable  
Mr. Adama Sy  AMM  
Mme Aissata Sy  MIDEC  
Mr. Youssef Takki Chebihi  Partenaire MPEMi  
Mr. Mohamed lemine Taleb El Vadel  MPEMi  
Mr. Sakhoudia Thiam  APGMV  
Mr. Samba Thiam  MPEMi  
Mme Chrysanthi Tsouraki  
Mme Aissata Wague  Assistante  APGMV  
Mr. Sid'Ahmed Wedha  Directeur  PNA  
Mme Maimouna Yahdhih  MHUAT  
Mauritius 
H.E. Mr. Kavydass Ramano  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Solid Waste Management and Climate Change  
Mme Moheenee Nathoo  Permanent Secretary  Environment and Climate Change Division  Ministry of Environment, Solid Waste Management and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Datakarran Goburdhun  Ambassador  Mauritius Embassy in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Regional Integration and International Trade  
Mme Sarita Meeheelaul  Officer in Charge  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Solid Waste Management and Climate Change  
Mme Priyamvadha Doorgakant Dabysing  Assistant Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Solid Waste Management and Climate Change  
Mr. Soumik Biswas  Commonwealth National Climate Finance Adviser  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Solid Waste Management and Climate Change  
Ms. Jane Kelly Niouck Moy Cheong Foo  Administrative Officer  Tourism Authority  
Mr. Lindsay Reginald Morvan  Director  Tourism Authority  
Mexico 
Mr. Marcelo Luis Ebrard Casaubon  Minister of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
S.E. Sra. Martha Delgado Peralta  Vice Minister  Multilateral Affairs and Human Rights of the Mexican Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Camila Isabel Zepeda Lizama  Director General  Global Issues  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. José Octavio Tripp Villanueva  
Mr. Cristopher Ballinas Valdés  Director General  Human Rights and Democracy  Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Iker Amilcar Jiménez Martínez  Director General  
Ms. Ximena Escobedo Juarez  Director General  Political Coordination  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Héctor Agustín Ortega Nieto  
Mr. Gabriel Yorio González  Deputy Finance Minister  Ministry of Finance and Public Credit  
Mexico (continued) 
Ms. Laura Elisa Aguirre Téllez  Director General  Ministry of Finance and Public Credit  
Mr. Agustín Ávila Romero  Director General for Climate Action Policies  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Sr. Miguel Ángel Zerón Cid  Department Head of the International Affairs Coordination Unit  Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Sol Ortiz García  Director General  Climate Change in the Agricultural Sector  Secretaría de Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural  
Ms. Dolores Geraldine Gachuz Martinez  Director for Women´s Issues  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sofía Andrea Sánchez Velasco  Deputy Director General for Congressional Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Josdeny Alely Alarcón González  Deputy Director  Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Antonio Díaz Aranda  Youth Delegate  
Ms. Beatriz Soledad Charis Montero  Youth Delegate  
Mr. Pablo Emiliano Reyes Galindo  Youth Delegate  
Ms. Valeria Horton Hermida  Youth Ambassador  
Sra. Palmira Consuelo Cuéllar Ramírez  Representative of Civil Society  Red Latinoamericana de Ciencias Atmosféricas y Meteorología, (RedLAtM)  
Sr. Diego Adrian De Leon Segovia  
Ms. Berenice Danae Espinoza Hernández  ECOS Community  
Ms. Ana Luz Romero Salcedo  
Mr. Jaime Eduardo Werner Pérez  
Micronesia (Federated States of) 
H.E. Mr. Andrew Yatilman  Secretary/Minister/UNFCCC Focal Point  Department of Environment, Climate Change and Emergency Management  Federal States of Micronesia National Government  
H.E. Mr. Eugene Amor  Department of Finance  Federated States of Micronesia Government  
H.E. Mr. Jeem S. Lippwe  Ambassador  Department of Foreign Affairs  Permanent Mission of the Federated States of Micronesia to the United Nations, New York  
H.E. Ms. Perpetua S. Konman  Chair, Climate Change and Environmental Issues Committee  22nd Congress of the Federated States of Micronesia  Federated States of Micronesia Government  
H.E. Mr. Victor S. Gouland  Chairman of the Transportation and Communication Committee  22nd Congress of the Federated States of Micronesia  Federated States of Micronesia Government  
Ms. Lucille Apis Overhoff  Assistant Secretary, Climate Change Division  Department of Environment, Climate Change and Emergency Management  Federated States of Micronesia National Government  
Mr. Clement Yow Mulalap  Advisor  Department of Justice  Federal States of Micronesia National Government  
Mr. Correy Ariote Abraham  Department of Environment, Climate Change and Emergency Management (DECEM)  Federated States of Micronesia Government  
Mr. Iven Yaropiy  Department of Foreign Affairs  Federated States of Micronesia Government  
Ms. Ann Albert  Department of Environment, Climate Change and Emergency Management  Federated States of Micronesia National Government  
Ms. Chandra Marie Legdesog  Project Manager  Department of Environment, Climate Change and Emergency Management  Federated States of Micronesia National Government  
Mr. Bradford Mori  Director  Environmental Protection Agency  Chuuk State Government  
Mr. Wilfred Nanpei  Weather Specialist  Pohnpei Weather Services  Pohnpei State Government  
Ms. Charlotte Ann Coralia Ruzzica De La Chaussee  Staff Attorney  22nd Congress of the Federated States of Micronesia  Federated States of Micronesia Government  
Mr. Dennis Michael Clare Jr  Institute for Energy and Climate Strategies, Inc.  
Ms. Tamara Joan Greenstone-Alefaio  Conservation Program Manager  Micronesian Conservation Trust  
Ms. Ana Maria Kleymeyer  Legal Advisor  Institute for Governance and Sustainable Development  
Ms. Renee Valerie Fajardo  
Ms. Trina Chiemi Thorbjornsen  
Monaco 
S.E. M. Son Altesse Sérénissime Prince Albert II  Head of State  
S.E. M. Pierre Dartout  Ministre d'Etat  Ministère d'Etat  Gouvernement de Monaco  
Mme Isabelle Berro-Amadeï  Conseiller de Gouvernement-Ministre des Relations Extérieures et de la Coopération  Département des Relations Extérieures et de la Coopération  Gouvernement de Monaco  
Mme Céline Caron-Dagioni  Conseiller de Gouvernement-Ministre de l'Equipement, de l'Environnement et de l'Urbanisme  Ministère d'Etat  Gouvernement Princier  
S.E. M. Bernard Fautrier  Ministre Plénipotentiaire, Conseiller Spécial Chargé des Questions d'Environnement  Palais Princier de Monaco  
M. Patrick Rolland  Adjoint au Directeur de l'Environnement  Département de l'Equipement, de l'Environnement et de l'Urbanisme  Gouvernement de Monaco  
M. Jérémie Carles  Chef de Division à la Direction de l'Environnement  Département de l'Equipement, de l'Environnement et de l'Urbanisme  Gouvernement de Monaco  
Mme Chrystel Chanteloube  Secrétaire des Relations Extérieures  Département des Relations Extérieures et de la Coopération  Gouvernement de la Principauté de Monaco  
Mme Jessica Astier  Chef de Section à la Direction de l'Environnement  Département de l'Equipement, de l'Environnement et de l'Urbanisme  Gouvernement de Monaco  
M. Jean-Luc Carcenac  Chambellan de S.A.S. le Prince Souverain  Palais Princier de Monaco  
Mme Laure Chevallier  Administrateur  Département de l'Equipement, de l'Environnement et de l'Urbanisme  Gouvernement de la Principauté de Monaco  
Mme Julie Donati  Rédacteur  Cabinet Princier  Palais Princier  
M. Sébastien Ferracci  Officier de police  Palais Princier de Monaco  
M. Cédric Lecas  Officier de police  Palais Princier de Monaco  
Mme Christine Sprile  Chef du Secrétariat particulier de S.A.S. le Prince Souverain  Palais Princier de Monaco  
Mongolia 
H.E. Mr. Khurelsukh Ukhnaa  President/Head of State  President Office  Governement  
Ms. Battsetseg Batmunkh  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Mongolia  
Mr. Bat-Erdene Bat-Ulzii  Minister of Environment and Tourism  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  Government of Mongolia  
Mr. Batjargal Zamba  NFP for UNFCCC  CCRCC  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Bulgan Enkhtuvshin  Ambassador to Egypt  Embassy of Mongolia in Cairo, Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mongolia  
Mr. Uilstuguldur Altankhuyag  Deputy Chief  The Office of the President  Office of the President  
Mr. Batkhuu Nyam-Osor  Environmental advisor to the President  Office of the President  
Mr. Odbayar Erdenetsogt  Advisor  Office of the President  Government  
Ms. Mandkhai Batsuren  Director-General  Department of Multilateral Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Munkh-Ulzii Tserendorj  Director-General  Department of Diplomatic Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tserendulam Shagdarsuren  Durector General  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Kukyen Khajyekbyer  Counselor of the Embassy  Embassy of Mongolia in Cairo, Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mongolia  
Mr. Zolbayar Ulziibayar  Spokeperson  Office of the President  Government  
Ms. Narangaravuu Altangerel  Officer  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Munkhbayar Batsuuri  Second Secretary  Policy and Planning Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Gandul Ganbold  Aide  Office of the President  Government  
Mr. Ulzii-Otgon Gurbazar  Head of Close Protection Team  Protection Directorate  SSPA  
Mongolia (continued) 
Ms. Undarmaa Khurelbaatar  Senior Officer  CCRCC  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Ms. Anand Tsog  Climate Change Director  Climate Change Division  Ololt  
Mr. Amartuvshin Bat-Ochir  Medical Doctor  Special care department  Second State Central Hospital Mongolia  
Mr. Davgadorj Damdin  Director  Administration  Climate Change and Development Academy  
Ms. Chuluunkhuu Baatar  Climate Finance Director  Carbon Market Division  Ololt  
Mr. Gan-Ulzii Gonchig  Photographer  Operations Department  Office of the President  
Mr. Batbayar Gurbazar  Deputy Director  Department of Diplomatic Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Bat-Erdene Gursuren  Close Protection Officer  The Protection Directorate  State Special Protection Agency  
Mr. Itgeltugs Lkhamsuren  Senior Press Officer  Press service  Office of the President  
Mr. Todmandakh Luvsansambuu  Close Protection Officer  Protection Directorate  SSPA  
Mr. Odbayar Nergui  Cameraman  Office of the Presodent  Government  
Mr. Ganzorig Sugir  Senior Close Protection Officer  Protection Directorate  State Special Protection Agency  
Ms. Oyungerel Munkhbat  Youth representative  Airee Felt LLC  
Mr. Nyamdavag Bayarsaikhan  Counsellor  Department of Middle East and Africa  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Enkhtuya Taivanshar  Deputy Director  Administration office  Montsame News Agency  
Mr. Odbayar Odonchimed  Advisor  Advisor to the Minister  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Gunbold Baatar  Director General  Policy and Planning Department  Ministry of Urban Construction and Development  
Mr. Garid Mendbayar  Youth delegate  Youth Council  
Ms. Saranchimeg Batsukh  Member of Parliament  Sate Great Khural (Parliament) of Mongolia  
Mr. Oyunsanaa Byambasuren  DG  Forestry Agency  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Itgel Munkhbaatar  Advisor to the Member of Parliament  Sate Great Khural (Parliament) of Mongolia  
Ms. Badamlyankhua Ganzorig  Journalist  Newsroom  TV5 Channel  
Ms. Chimedlkham Barnyam  Journalist  Mongolian news channel  Mongolian National Broadcaster  
Ms. Dolgorsuren Ganbaatar  Editor  News Department  zuv.mn  
Mr. Baasandamba Noov  Media representative  Newsroom  Eagle News TV  
Mr. Khurelbaatar Enkhbaatar  Editor in Chief  News department  ergelt.mn  
Ms. Onontuul Sukhee  Editor in chief  News department  24tsag.mn  
Ms. Otgon Baasanjav  Journalist  News department  otgon.mn  
Mr. Vanchintsogzol Duzeenyam  Cameraman  Mongolian news  Mongolian National Broadcaster  
Ms. Choikhand Janchivlamdan  NFP for the GCF  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Tamir Altankhuyag  First Secretary  Department of Diplomatic Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Undral Enkhbaatar  Youth Representative  Youth Council  
Mr. Bilguun Balkhjav  Third Secretary  Permanent Mission of Mongolia to the United Nations and other international organizations in Geneva  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Delgerzaya Delgerjargal  Press officer  TenGerTV  
Mr. Altansukh Gankhuyag  Camerman  TenGerTV  
Ms. Solongo Otgonbayar  Youth representative  Mongolian Youth Council  
Mongolia (continued) 
Mr. Tamir Surenjav  Senior officer  Executive office  National Security Council of Mongolia  
Mr. Munkh-Amar Idesh  Chief  Department of Security planning and analysis  State Special Protection Agency  
Montenegro 
H.E. Mr. Milo Djukanovic  President of Montenegro  
Mr. Dritan Abazovic  Prime Minister  Government of Montenegro  
Ms. Ana Novakovic Ðurovic  Minister of Ecology Spatial Planning and Urbanism  Ministry of Ecology Spatial Planning and Urbanism  Government of Montenegro  
Mr. Milan Rocen  Special Adviser to the President of Montenegro  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Ms. Tamara Brajovic  Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Ms. Andrijana Markovic  PR Adviser to the President of Montenegro  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Ms. Jelena Pralas  Interpreter for English of the President of Montenegro  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Ms. Mitrovic Ranka  Protocol Adviser at the Office of the President of Montenegro  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Ms. Ivana Bozovic  Official Photographer of the President of Montenegro  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Mr. Lacevic Samir  Official Cameraman of the President of Montenegro  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Mr. Femic Ivan  Security  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Mr. Vojin Vojinovic  Security  Cabinet of the President of Montenegro  
Ms. Sanja Besovic  Advisor  Government of Montenegro  Ministry of Ecology, Spatial Planning and Urbanism  
Mr. Ljubisa Pavicevic  Acting General Director  Government of Montenegro  Ministry of Ecology, Spatial Planning and Urbanism  
Mr. Zeljko Vukcevic  Security Staff  Cabinet of the President  Government of Montenegro  
Mr. Admir Sahmanovic  State Secretary  Ministry of Capital Investment  Government of Montenegro  
Ms. Mirsada Bosnjak  Secretary of the Ministry  Ministry of Capital Investment  Government of Montenegro  
Morocco 
H.E. Mr. Nizar Baraka  Minister  Ministère de l’Equipement et de l’Eau  
H.E. Ms. Leila Benali  Ministre  Ministère de la Transition Energétique et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Mohamed Benyahia  SG  Ministère de la Transition Energétique et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Nouzha Bouchareb  Fondation Maison Méditerranéenne du Climat  
H.E. Mr. Nasser Bourita  Ministre des Affaires Etrangères et de la Coopération.  MAECAMRE  
S.E. Mme Son Altesse Royale La Princesse Lalla Hasnaa  Palais Royal  Fondation Mohammed VI pour la Protection de l'Environnement  
S.E. M. Abdeladim Lhafi  Fondation Maison Méditerranéenne du Climat  
Mme Bouaida Mbarka  Présidente  ARM  
H.E. Mr. S.A.R Le Prince Moulay Rachid  Son Altesse Royale Le Prince Moulay Rachid  Palais Royal  
Mme Fatima Naser  SP SAR  Palais Royal  
Ms. Mina BoUHDOUD  AMPCC  
Ms. Khadija Dreya  Vice Pte  Conseil Régional Fès Meknès  
Ms. Aziza Abba  Vice Pdte  Conseil Régional Laayoune SH  
Mr. Hassan Abouali  Protocole Royal  PSM  
Ms. Hanane Aboulfath  REGIE3  
Mr. Hro Abrou  Pdt Draa Tafilalet  ARM  
Mr. Mohamed Aichi  Protocole Royal  PSM  
Ms. Keltoum Ait Belhaj  MTEDD  Département du Développement Durable  
Morocco (continued) 
Ms. Lalla Nouzha Alaoui  Secrétaire Générale  Fondation Mohammed VI pour la Protection de l’Environnement  
Mr. Mohamed Alaoui Mrani  PSM  
Mr. Mustapha Alla  PSM  
Mr. Youssef Amansour  CD  Ministère de la Transition Energétique et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Taha Amimi  Administrateur  MTEDD  Département du Développement Durable  
Ms. Imane Azizou  Conseillère  Min ATUPV  
Mr. Imad Bahari  Chef de Service  Ministère de l'Industrie  
Mr. Omar Bahmane  AMPCC  
Mr. Riad Balaghi  Directeur de projets  Fondation Initiative AAA  
Ms. Abbad BaLLAHI  Vice Pte  Conseil Régional Laayoune SH  
M. Bouazza Barka  Directeur National du programme de valorisation durable des ksour et kasbah du Maroc  Ministère de l’Habitat et de la Politique de la Ville  
Mr. AbDESLAM BeKKALI  AMPCC  
Ms. Hakima Bel-Kassaoui  Vice Pte  Conseil Régional Fès  
Mr. Hamza Belkbir  Gouverneur Directeur Direction des Finances Locales  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Mr. Ismail Belkodia  Photographe Personnel  Service Photo Palais Royal  
Mr. Abderrazzak Ben-Ayoub  SR SAR Princesse  Palais Royal  
Mr. Younes Benakki  SG  CESE Maroc  
Mr. Karim Benamara  Ministère du Transport et de la Logistique  
Mme Fatima Zahra Benaouich  
Mr. Hamid Benarousse  PSM  
Mr. Mustapha Bendehbi  Chef du Service Centre de Compétence sur le Changement Climatique  Département du Développement Durable  
Ms. Mounia Benrhanem  Cheffe de Division  ABH Tensift  Département de l'Eau  
Mr. Brahim Bentabbaia  PSM  
Ms. Soumya BeNTASSIL  C/S  Min Habous et A.I  
Ms. Jihane BoUCHRIT  C/S  Min Habous et A.I  
Ms. Rajae Chafil  4C Morocco Director  Center for Climate Change Competencies 4C Morocco  
Mr. Adnane Chafiq  Direction des Etudes et des Prévisions Financières/Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. El Hadi Chaibainou  General Director  GPBM  
Mr. Ahmed Reda Chami  Président  CESE Maroc  
Mr. Ismail Chekkori  Directeur DQG  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
Mr. Ayman Bel Hassan Cherkaoui  Senior Manager, Strategic Development  Fondation Mohammed VI pour la Protection de l'Environnement  
Mme Fatna Chihab  Conseillère  Min ATUPV  
Mr. Youssef Chihab  Chargé de Mission  Palais Royal  PSM  
Ms. Hajar Chmanti Houari  ADA  
Mr. Abdelaziz Derouiche  AMPCP  
Mr. Abderrazak Dinar  Embassy of Morocco in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affaires  
Ms. Fatiha DiYER  Dir Reg  Min ATUPV  
Mr. Khalid El Alami  Chef SR SAR  Palais Royal  
Ms. Batoul El Aroussi  Protocole  Palais Royal  
Mr. Mohammed El Bachiri  Dir Ex  ARM  
Mr. Radouane El Bizi  DRPL  Ministry of interior  
Mr. Moulay Mehdi El Fathtemy  Pdt  Commune My Abdellah  
M. Mustapha El Habti  Gouverneur Directeur des Réseaux Publics Locaux  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Ms. Jamila El Harizi  Chef de Division  Ministère de l'habitat  
Mme Meriem El Hilali  MP NY  MAECAMRE  
Ms. Salma El Mortaji  Conseillère Culturelle  Embassy of Morocco in Cairo  
Ms. Majida El Ouardirhi  Secrétaire Générale  Ministère de l’Habitat et de la Politique de la Ville  
Morocco (continued) 
Ms. Bahia El Youssoufi  Pdte  Commune BenGuerir  
Ms. Sanae Elamrani  Directrice des Ports et du Domaine Public Maritime  Equipement  Ministère de l’Equipement et de l’Eau  
Mr. Hormatallah Erragheb  Pdt  Commune Dakhla  
Mr. Abdellatif Essalam  PSM  
Mr. José Antonio Estrada Orozco  Coiffeur  Equipe SAR Princesse  
Mr. Youssef Ettazi  RAMSA  
Mr. Anas Felhi  Chef de Pôle Partenariat et Coopération Sud-Sud  4C Maroc  
Ms. Siham Fellahi  Inspecteur  Ministère des finances  
Mr. Rachid Firadi  Directeur  Ministère de la Transition Energétique et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Mohammed Hachim  PSM  
Mr. Mohamed Hafnaoui  Directeur Général Délégué  CDG Développement  
Mme Laila Hammouchi  Gouverneur, Directrice des Services Publics Locaux  Ministère de l’Intérieur  
Mr. Moulay Driss Hasnaoui  Chargé de Mission  DRPE  Département de l'Eau  
Mr. Omar Hejira  Municipal Council President  Municipal Council  ARM  
Mr. Karim Hilmi  Chef de l'Unite de Recherche et de Developpement en Oceanographie  Institut INRH  
M. Badr Ikken  Vice Président Commission EV  Confédération Générale des Entreprises du Maroc  
Mr. Abdelhamid Jaouhar  Embassy of Morocco in Cairo  
Mr. Mehdi Jouahri  Chef de Cabinet  PSM  
Ms. Nasma Jrondi  Fondation Mohammed VI pour la Protection de l'Environnement  
Mr. TAaoufik Kaddouri  Pdt  Commune de Debdou  
Mr. Samir Kaddouri  SP  Palais Royal  
Mr. Tarik Kadiri  AMPCC  
Mr. Abdelali Kaoukabi  Chef de division  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Abdellah Khal  Aid de Camp  Palais Royal  
M. Abdelhadi Khalifi  Palais Royal  PSM  
Ms. Kenza Khallafi  Partnerships Officer  Fondation Mohammed VI pour la Protection de l'Environnement  
Mr. AbDELOUAHED KhALLOUKI  AMPCC  
Mr. Mahdi Kharrouj  Chef de Division  Equipement/ DATRP  Ministère de l’Equipement et de l’Eau  
M. Saber Kiaf  Pdt  Commune de Zakma  
Mr. AbDELHADI LaGHRARI  AMPCC  
Mr. Anass Laraichi  Chef de Service  Direction Générale des Collectivités Locales  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Ms. Siham Laraichi  Cheffe de Service  Ministère de l’Equipement et de l’Eau  
Mr. Tarik Lemrani  DDD  Ministère de la Transition Energétique et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Abdellah Lmidmani  Photographe PR  Service Photo Palais Royal  
Mr. Aziz Louali  DEPF  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Mustapha Loudini  Chef de Division  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Mr. Abdelhak Maach  PSM  
Ms. Hanane Mabrouk  Pdte  Commune de Youssoufia  
Mr. Zakaria Marsaoui  PSM  
Mr. Abdellatif Mazouz  Président  Conseil régional Casablanca  
Mr. Abdelilah Mesbahi  PSM  
Mr. Mohamed Methqal  DG  MAEC  AMCI  
Ms. Kawthar Monkachi  Cheffe de Pôle Renforcement des Capacités  4C Maroc  
Mr. Nour Eddine Motik  Embassy of Morocco in Cairo  
M. Said Mouline  Directeur Général  Agence Marocaine de l'Efficacité Energétique - Moroccan Agency for Energy Efficiency  
Mr. Mohamed Nbou  Directeur Pôle Climat  CGLU Afrique  
Morocco (continued) 
Mr. Mhamed Nejjari  AMPCC  
Mr. Larbi Nhairi  Caméraman  SNRT  
Mr. Abdelkrim Ouahboun  PSM  
M. Mohamed Ouhmed  Directeur EREE  Energie et Mines  Ministère de l'Energie, des Mines, de l'Eau et de l'Environnement  
Mr. Mohamed Qassimi  PSM  
Mr. Bouzekri Razi  Director for Climate Change, Biodiversity and Green Economy  Ministry of Energy Transition and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Abdelhafid Reffouh  Chef de Division  Direction Générale des Collectivités Territoriales  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Mr. Mohammed Khalid Riffi Temsamani  Université Abdelmalek Essaadi  
Mr. Mohamed Rifki  Chef de Division  DGCT  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Mme Rajaa Rochd  Responsable Climat et Env  ARM  
Ms. Selma Saidi  Fondation Mohammed VI pour la Protection de l'Environnement  
Mr. Said Saih  Palais Royal  
Ms. Ghizlane Salem  Ministère des finances  
Mr. Zobair Salmi  Ministère du Transport et de la Logistique  
Mr. Ahmed Sayed Ahmed Mahmoud Soliman  Chauffeur  Embassy of Morocco in Cairo  
M. Mohamed Sefiani  Président  Commune Urbaine Chefchaouen  
Mr. Rachid Serraj  UM6P  
Mr. Rachid Tahiri  Head of Climate Change and Green Economy Division  Ministère de la Transition Energétique et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Helen Eliza Tantau  Palais Royal  
S.E. M. Ahmed Tazi  Ambassador  Embassy of Morocco in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
M. Otmane Tazi  Cameraman d’Actualité  SNRT  
Mr. Rachid Wahabi  Chef de la division santé environnement  Direction de l'Epidémiologie et de la Lutte Contre les Maladies  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Karim Yazini  Embassy of Morocco in Cairo  
Ms. Khadija ZaHIDI  C/S  Min Habous et A.I  
Mr. Amine Ali Zeggwagh  Docteur  Palais Royal  
Mr. Mohamed Ali Zerouali  Director, International Cooperation  MASEN  
Mr. Mly El Hassan Zoubir El Idrissi  Chef de Service  Direction Générale des Collectivités Territoriales  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Mozambique 
S.E. Sr. Filipe Jacinto Nyusi  President of the Republic  
S.E. Sr. Celso Ismael Correia  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
S.E. Sra. Ivete Joaquim Maibaze  Minister  Ministry of Land and Environment  
S.E. Sr. Mateus Magala  Minister  Ministry of Transport and Communications  
S.E. Sr. Eugenio Augusto Roque  Minister in the Presidency  
Sra. Sara Elsayed Elsayed Gabr Elhenawy  Secretary of Ambassador  Embassy of Mozambique  
Sra. Paulina Feliciano Francisco Abdala  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Mr. Claudio Manuel Ismael Afonso  National Director  Climate Change National Directorate  Ministry of Land and Environment  
Sr. Inácio Luís Ali  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. Aderito Celso Félix Aramuge  General Director  National Institute of Meteorology  
Sr. Justino Gabriel Augusto  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. Eduardo Baixo  Head of Department  Mitigation and Low Carbon Development  Ministry of Land and Environment  
Sr. Hercílio Bernardo Banze  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. António José Beleza  Deputy Director  National Emergency Operations Centre  National Institute for Disaster Management and Risk Reduction  
Sr. Amílcar Benate  
Sr. Thomas Joseph Bruton  Saftrade  
Sra. Ilda Elisa Antonio Cerveja  
Mozambique (continued) 
Sr. Paulo Mário Chaguala  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sra. Maria Cussaia Vida Chaima  Directora Executiva  Associação de Mulheres Paralegais  
Sra. Minaxi Felismina Chauque  Tecnica  National Energy Fund  
Sr. Casimiro Chaweka  Security8  
Sr. Augusto Pedro Chelene  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sra. Ana Cleta Chiangua  Member of DNA for GCF  National Directorate of Minitoring and Evaluation  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
S.E. Sr. Filipe Chidumo  Ambassador of Mozambique to the Republic of Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Sr. Chambo Faindane Chingague  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
S.E. Sr. Jeronimo Rosa João Chivavi  Ambassador of Mozambique to the Republic of Kenya  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Sra. Maria Adelaide Daniel Chongo  Private Secretary to the President of the Republic  
Sra. Felicidade Elina Salva Chongo Macassa  Technician  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sr. Jose Branquinho Cidade  Technician  National Petroleum Institute  
Sr. Arsénio Henriques Cossa  Press Attaché of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. António António Costumado  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sra. Valódia Carmen Cufanhane Manhique  Minsitry of Land and Environment  
Sra. Luísa do Céu Ricardo Da Conceição  Technician  Ministry of Public Works Housing and Water Resources  
Sr. Carlos Manuel carlos Rodrigues Da Costa  Director  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Sra. Sónia Jacques Gherson Da Silveira  Advidor of the GCF National Focal Point  National Directorate for Monitoring and Evaluation  Ministério da Económia e Finanças  
Sr. Thiago De Araújo Mendes  Adviser  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sr. Mamad Arane De Sousa  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. Tomé Eduardo  Advisor to the President of the Republic for Social Affairs  Presidency of the Republic  
Sra. Yolanda Elisa Mulhuini  Grupo para o Desenvolvimento da Mulher e Rapariga  
Sr. Francisco Fanequisso Sambo  Director Nacional de Planificacao e Cooperacao  Planning and Cooperation Directorate  Ministry of Land and Environment  
Mr. Agostinho Fernando  UNFCCC National Focal Point  National Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Land and Environment  
S.E. Sra. Cecília Sandra Jerónimo Francisco Chamutota  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Public Works Housing and Water Resources  
Sr. Erasmo Laurinda de Aglarde Gil  Televisão de Moçambique  
Sr. Juca Vicente Gobene  Mozambican Television  
H.E. Mr. Manuel Jose Goncalves  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Sra. Carmen Luísa Gonhamo Baptista  Head of Department  Ministry of Land and Environment  
Sr. Márcio Luís Gonzaga  Technician  National Directorate of Planning and Budget  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sra. Esménia Antónia Gonzaga  State Protocol Officer  Presidency of the Republic  
Sra. Sara Joana Guimarães Guibunda  Tecnica  Gabinete de Salvaguardas Sociais e Ambientais  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Sr. Abu Junior Isidro  Oficial de Ambiente e Recursos Naturais  AENA- Associação Nacional de Extensão Rural  
Sra. Manuela Joaquim Rebelo  CEO  National Energy Fund  
Sr. Milton Jaime Francisco Lambo  Televisão de Moçambique  
Sr. Laurindo Júlio Lampião  Head of Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Sra. Nilza Eunice Joubert Mabote Paunde  National Director  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Sra. Rosita Josina Mabuiango  
Sr. Joaquim Armando Macuacua  Head of Division of Mapping and Data Management  Direção Nacional de Florestas  Ministry of Land and Environment  
Mozambique (continued) 
Sra. Inocência Estevão Maculuve  Technician  National Petroleum Institute  
Sr. Fernando Manuel Maezane  Personal Doctor of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. Januário Felisberto Luís Magaia  Presidency of the Republic  
Sra. Felizarda Fernando Mário Malene  United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women  
Sr. Albano Manjate  Deputy Nacional Director  Nacional Directorate for Monitoring and Evaluation  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sra. Olívia Manuel Mapute  Miramar Television  
Sr. Paulo Hélder Dias Massinga  Technician  National Energy Fund  
Sra. Marcelina Andreia Mataveia  Deputy Director  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources  
Sra. Sarah Chrispen Matches  Tecnica  Directorate for Prevention and Mitigation  National Institute for Disaster Management  
Sr. Elias Jose Matsinhe  Chefe de Departamento  Departamento de Comunicacao e Imagem  Ministry of Land and Environment  
Sr. Domingos Francisco Maxlhaieie  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. Manuel Pedro Mazuze  Advisor to the President of the Republic  
Sra. Isabel José Mbanze  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. Pedro Mendes Simão  Minister's advisor  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
S.E. Sra. Luísa Celma Caetano Meque  National Institute for Disaster Management and Risk Reduction  
Sr. Omar Ossumane Momade Mitha  Advisor to the President of the Republic for Economic Affairs  Presidency of the Republic  
Sra. Adelia Daniel Mondlane  
Sr. Francisco Ussene Mucanheia  Advisor to the President of the Republic  
Sra. Saquina Filimone Mucavele  Directora Executiva  Mulher, Género e Desenvolvimento - MUGEDE  
Sr. Eduardo Fernando Mudaca  State Protocol Officer  
Sr. Estefânio Pedro Muholove  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. António João Munguambe  Mozambique Electricity  
Sra. Ivete da Encarnação Faustino Fumo Muquingue Uqueio  Chief of State Protocol  
Sr. Mussa Mustafa  Deputy Director  National Institute of Meteorology  
Sra. Flórida Maria da Costa Naene  Deputy National inspector  Ministry of Industry and Commerce  
Sr. Momede Abdurramane Nemane  National Director  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Sr. Orlando António Ngovene  Radio Mocambique  
Sr. Alcino Nhacume  Ministry of Public Works Housing and Water Resources  
Sr. Luís Jeremias Nhamucho  Consultant  Ministry of Land and Environment  
Sr. Bernardino João Nhantumbo  Auxiliary Researcher  National Institute of Meteorology  
Sra. Vania Gonçalo Nhauando  
Sra. Isabel Cândida Dias Paulino  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sra. Rosalia Marta Pedro  Chefe de Repartição de Género  Direccao Nacional do Ambiente  Ministério da Terra, Ámbiente e Desenvolvimento Rural  
Sr. Francisco Fernando Sande  Technician of the Administration and Finance Department  Presidency of the Republic  
Sra. Cristina Saúde  Assistant to the Minister of Transport and Communications  Ministry of Transport and Communications  
Sr. Fabio Scala  Minister Advisor  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sr. Bernardo Serage  Deputy Chief of Protocol  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. Almeida Alberto Sitoe  Professor of Silviculture and Ecology of Natural Forests  Faculty of Agronomy and Forestry Engineering  University Eduardo Mondlane  
Sr. Zenersio Ruben Sitoe  Plataforma das Mudancas Climaticas  
Sr. Antonio Bento Sive  Technician  National Directorate of Planning and Cooperation  Ministry of Mineral Resource and Energy  
Sr. Muri Soares  Technician  National Sustainable Development Fund  
Sra. Jadwiga Soltys Massinga  National Director  Ministry of Land and Environment  
Sr. Mário Jorge Ossene Sorte  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sr. Adriaan Johan Tas  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mozambique (continued) 
Sra. Ana Rita Cardoso Tene  Noticias Newspaper  
S.E. Sr. Amílcar Paia Tivane  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sra. Natália Silvestre Tivane  Mozambique Electricity  
Sr. Manuel Alfredo Tsinine  Miramar Television  
Sra. Ana Nemba Uaiene  National Director  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Sr. Antonio Jorge Raul Uaissone  Head of Department of Technology and Inovation  National Directorate of Tecnology and Inovation  Ministerio de Ciencia e Tecnologia, Ensino Superior e Tecnico Profissional  
Sr. Guilherme Noé Uamusse  Security of the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic  
Sr. Edson Claréncio Uamusse  Head of Division  National Energy Fund  
Sra. Marta Vânia Uetela  
Sra. Noemia Faustino Utxavo Jotamo  Technician  National Directorate of Planning and Budget  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sr. Gareth David Walsh  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sr. Carlos Alberto Yum  Ministry of Mineral Resources and Energy  
Sra. Amelia Odete Simao Zandamela  Segunda Secretaria  Directorate of International Organization and Conference  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  
Mr. Anselmo Jaime Zimba  Advisor for Decentralized Planning and Finance  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Sr. Nélio Sebastião Zunguza  
Namibia 
Ms. Heather Sibungo  Deputy Minister  Ministry  Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Tourism  
Mr. Thomas Kavaningilamo Alweendo  Minister  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Ms. Monica Kalondo  
Mr. Petrus Ileni Muteyauli  Deputy Director  Department of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Martin Kaonzo Kaonzo  National Planning Commission  
Mr. Harsen Nyambe Nyambe  Ag. Director Directorate of Sustainable Environment and Blue Economy  ARBE  African Union Commission  
Ms. Helvi Shindume  Community Activist  Food Security  Women in Agriculture and Environment  
Ms. Kafula Agnes Mpingana  Parliament  
Ms. Ishuna Niita Amakutsi  Director Solar Revolving Fund  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Ms. Nyeuvo Veronica Amukushu  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Mr. Simon Tuhafeni Angombe  University of Namibia  
Ms. Margaret Angula  Lecturer  Geography and Environmental Studies  University of Namibia  
Ms. Hilma Ndalinoshisho Angula  
Ms. Meroro Annalisa  National Assembly  
Mr. Karl Mutani Aribeb  Director of Operations  Environmental Investment Fund  
Mr. Paulus Ashili  Chief Conservation Scientist  Department of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Ruan Henri BestBier  Bank Windhoek  
Mr. Jose Luis Bobes Hernandez  EIF Group  
Ms. Louise Helen Brown  Climate change advisor  
Mr. Charles Philip Chapman  
Ms. Makoni Chenai-Moyo Ruth  Grant Officer  SASSCAL  
Mr. Reagan Sibanga Chunga  Project Coordinator  Department of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Panashe Daringo  Presidential Advisor  Office of the President  
Mr. Hesham Ahmed Wafai Ali Elsherif  Ministry of Health and Social Services  
Ms. Reem Hesham Ahmed Wafai Ali Elsherif  
Mr. Eino Emvula  Managing Director Africa  Ninety One Investment  
Mr. Mekondjo SET-SON Erastus  Monasa  
Mr. Idian Cilvanus Esterihuizen  statehouse  
Ms. Susline Goreses  National Broadcasting Corporation  
Mr. Lineekela Nghilifilwa Absai Haiduwa  Office of the President  
Mr. Lucas Nghidipohamba Hamata  National Assembly  
Namibia (continued) 
Mr. Panduleni Ndiba Hamukwaya  SASSCAL  
Ms. Maija Shagwanepandulo Nalitye Hamupembe  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Vekondja Hangue  Office of the President  
Ms. Walenga Helena Tashiya  
Mr. Wade Wulfran Henckert  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Alfredo Tjiurimo Hengari  Office of the President  
Mr. Vilio Hanooshike Hifindaka  Ministry of International Affairs  
Mr. Ahmed Hisham Mohamed  
Mr. Edison Nghishikushitya Tangeniomwene Hiwanaame  Nampower  
Mr. Katundu Imasiku  Renewable Energy Expert  SASSCAL  
Ms. Aina Maria Iteta  Environmental Investment Fund  
Mr. Chapman James William  Executive Officer: Retail Banking Services  Bank Windhoek  
Mr. Halwoodi Josef  Chief Economist and Acting Deputy Director  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Mekondjo Kaapanda  Namibia Ambassador  Ministry of International Relations  
Mr. Paulus Inekela Kainge  Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resources  
Mr. Frans Shiku Kalenga  
Ms. Jolanda Uakaa Kamburona  
Ms. Johanna Kandjimi  Parliament  
Mr. Okasute Akwega Kasuto  Monasa  
Ms. Justina Ndiwa-Ohamba Tuwilika Kavango  Monasa  
Ms. Salwa Mohamed Ibrahim Khedr  
Mr. Derek James Klazen  Minister  Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resources  
Mr. Joachim Komeheke  Bank Windhoek  
Ms. Awene Lady  
Mr. IIpumbu Leonard Nangolo  Office of the President  
Mr. More-Blessings Bendict Libanda  
Ms. Felistus Mukuwa Lisho  
Mr. Nelson Mwatilefo Lucas  Standard Bank  
Ms. Shino Magdaleena  
Ms. Hendrina Tungeumbo Mboti  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Geises Merceline Mercia  
Mr. James Yusufu Mnyupe  Presidential Advisor  Office of the President  
Ms. Atushe Mutafela Mubonenwa  
Mr. Timoteus Tunomwameni Ndahangetate Mufeti  Environmental Commissioner  Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Tourism  
Ms. Helalia Mukapuli  National Assembly  
Mr. Utaara Batjandangi Murangi  
Ms. Bianca Musonda Chisela Mutale  Executive PA  SASSCAL  
Ms. Margaret Mutschler  Green Hydrogen  
Ms. Selma-Ndapewa Namutuwa  Manager: Investment Attraction  Namibia Investment Promotion and Development Board  
Ms. Mwalungama Amalia Nangolo  Ministry of Trade  
Mr. Riche Karel Naobeb  
Mr. Shafudah Natangue Heita  Universidad Nacional Autonoma de México  
Mr. Samwel Ndara Ndara  
Mr. Johan Ndjaronguru  
Mr. Johnson Ndokosho  Director for Forestry  Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Tourism  
Ms. Saima Tweufilwa Neke  Director Solar Revolving Fund  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Ms. Sigrid Namasiku Nyambe  WWF  
Ms. Jane Mukarugwiza Olwoch  Executive Director  SASSCAL  
Mr. Omar Mohamed Ahmed Omar  
Mr. Lutz-Heiner Otto  
Ms. Anicia Nicola Peters  Pro-Vice Chancellor: Research, Innovation and Development  University of Namibia  
Mr. Erich Dennis Petrus  Ministry of Agriculture, Water and Land Reform  
Mr. Trianus Ndawedwa Pohamba  Office of the President  
Mr. Marco Raffineti  HYphen  
Mr. Scott Terence Richards  Presidential Advisor  Office of the President  
Ms. Cheroline Ripunda  
Mr. Willem daniel Rourke  
Mr. Mooka Lemy Sanzila  
Mr. Cosmos DYLAN Shanduka  
Mr. Alfeus Vatilifa Shekunyenge  Minnistry of Environment and Tourism  
Mr. Deon Mandume Shekuza  Youth Activist  
Mr. Sion Ndemuuda Shifa  
Ms. Frederika Shigwedha  Ministry of Urban and Rural Development  
Mr. Wendelinus Ipumbu Shiimi  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Linea Nanye-Osheni Shikongo  Parliament  
Namibia (continued) 
Ms. Catherine Lagoiyetu Nuusiku Shipushu  Senior Manager: Marketing, Branding and Communications  Namibia Investment Promotion and Development Board  
Ms. Bernadette Namutenya Shivute  Department of Environmental Affairs  Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Tourism  
Ms. Mirja StoldT  Namibia Nature Foundation  
Mr. IIjambo Tangeni Cornelius  National Assembly  
Mr. Amukwaya Thomas  National Broadcasting Corporation  
Ms. Miryam Tukwafa Thomas  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Ms. Susan Tise  Ministry of Mines and Energy  
Ms. Herlinde Lucia Tjiveze  National Assembly  
Mr. Tonateni Tangeni Tshivute  Nampower  
Ms. Nomsa Uushona  Ministry of International Relations and Cooperations  
Mr. Francois Hough Van Schalkwyk  Executive Director: Investment & New Ventures  Namibia Investment Promotion and Development Board  
Mr. Nico Elrico Willemse  BCLM  
Ms. Carol Mwape Zulu  Commonwealth National Climate Finance Advisor for Namibia  Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Tourism  
Nauru 
Mr. Rennier Stanislaus Gadabu  Minister  Climate Change and National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
H.E. Ms. Marlene Moses  High Commissioner  High Commission to India  Government of Nauru  
Mr. John Roser Bailey  Ozone Officer  Department of Climate Change & National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Josh Cook  Advisor  Climate Change & National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Ms. Francine Dekarube  Advisor  Environmental Management & Agriculture  Government of Nauru  
Ms. Evalyne Detenamo  Director for Climate Action  Climate Change and National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Marcus Paul Detenamo  Advisor  Climate Change & National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Ms. Hope Dowedia  Advisor  Climate Change & National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Ms. Angelene Gadabu  Government Official  Climate Change & National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Akoga Eben-Ezer Gadabu  Government Official  Climate Change & National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Ms. Phaedora Harris  Project Manager  Department of Climate Change & National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Ms. Gabrissa Hartman  Secretary  Infrastructure  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Mark Anthony Jariabka  Advisor  Climate Change & National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Ms. Berilyn Jeremiah  Secretary  Commerce, Industry and Environment  Government of Nauru  
Mr. Reagan Conrad Moses  Secretary  Climate Change and National Resilience  Government of Nauru  
Nepal 
H.E. Ms. Uma Regmi  Minister  Ministry of Women Children and Senior Citizen  
Mr. Pem Narayan Kandel  Secretary  Ministry of Forests and Environment  Government of Nepal  
Mr. Buddi Sagar Poudel  Joint Secretary  Climate Change Management Division  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Ms. Saloni Pradhan Singh  Member  National Planning Commission  
Mr. Madhav Bahadur Karki  Climate change and Environment Advisor of PM  Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers, Nepal  
Mr. Dinesh Bhattarai  Secretary  Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers, Nepal  
Mr. Kewal Prasad Bhandari  Secretary  National Planning Commission  
Mr. Dinesh Kumar Ghimire  Secretary  Ministry of Energy, Water Resources and Irrigation  
Nepal (continued) 
Mr. Sushil Chandra Tiwari  Secretary  Water and energy commission  
Mr. Sushil Kumar Lamsal  Ambassador  Embassy of Nepal, Cairo Egypt  
Mr. Anil Pokhrel  CEO  NDRRMA  
Ms. Sewa Lamsal  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sabnam Shivakoti  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock Development  
Mr. Devesh Mani Tripathi  Director General  Department of Forest and Soil Conservation  
Ms. Kumari Jyoti Joshi  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Industries, Commerce and Supplies  
Mr. Kamal Ram Joshi  Director General  DHM  
Ms. Sarita Dawadi  Joint Secretary  Water resource research and development center  
Mr. Susheel Chandra Acharya  Director General  Department of water resources and Irrigation  
Mr. Sanjeeb Baral  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Energy, Water Resources and Irrigation  
Mr. Sharad Babu Pageni  under Secretary  Climate Change Management Division  
Mr. Shiva Khanal  Undersecretary  climate change management Division  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Yam Nath Pokharel  Under Secretary  Climate Change Management Division  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Hari Prasad Sharma  C.D.E.  Climate Change Management Division  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Gyanendra Kumar Mishra  Under Secretary  Development Cooperation Coordination Section  
Mr. Ramji Danai  Under Secretary  Legal section  
Mr. Shankar Adhikari  Under Secretary  REED Implementation Center  
Mr. Ram Singh Thapa  Under Secretary  Monitoring Section  
Mr. Kapil Gnawali  Under Secretary  Water and energy commission Secretariat  
Mr. Pramod Simkhada  Under Secretary  AdministrationSection  
Ms. Bishnu Kumari Adhikari  Assistant Soil Conservation Officer  REED implementation Center  
Mr. Narayan Prasad Pokhrel  Assistant Scientific Officer  Climate Change management Division  Ministry of Forests and Environment  
Mr. Janak Raj Sharma  Section Officer  Climate Change Management Division  MoFE  
Mr. Deepak Ghimire  Embassy of Nepal, Cairo Egypt  
Ms. Deepa Oli  Assistant Forest Officer  Monitoring Section  MoFE  
Mr. Madhab Raj Kaphle  Embassy of Nepal, Cairo Egypt  
Ms. Chhali Kumari Sharma Upadhayaya  Ministry of Women Children and Senior Citizen (MoWCSC)  
Mr. Krishna Prasad Oli  Chairman  NTNC  
Mr. Binaya Lama  
Mr. Prakash Pantha  Federal Parliament  
Ms. Bimala Rai Paudyal  National Assembly  Federal Parliament  
Mr. Indra Bilash Poudel  Secretary  Federals parliament  
Mr. Bimal Raj Regmi  Member, Climate Change and Environment Council  Oxford Policy Management Ltd  
Ms. Januka Dhakal  
Mr. Binod Prasad Heyojoo  
Ms. Rojy Joshi  Oxford Policy Management  
Mr. Rama Kanta Aryal  
Ms. Gita Acharya  
Mr. Umesh Balal Magar  Nepalese Youth for Climate Action  
Mr. Himank Bhandari  
Mr. Bharat Bhandari  LI BIRD  
Mr. Milan Dahal  
Mr. Manjeet Dhakal  Member of Article 6 Task force  
Ms. Indra Devi Dhakal Paudel  
Mr. Tejendra Bahadur G c  GWP  
Mr. Dipesh Joshi  WWF  
Ms. Prajeeta Karki  Digo wikas Institute  
Mr. Deepak KC  UNDP  
Ms. Prakriti Koirala  IIED  
Nepal (continued) 
Mr. Santosh Nepal  IWMI  
Mr. Bishma Raj Ojha  National News Agency  
Mr. Manish Raj Pandey  NTNC  
Mr. Raju Pandit  Prakriti Resources Centre  
Ms. Sunita Parajuli  planning Officer  National Planning Commission  
Mr. Apar Paudyal  Oxford Policy Management  
Mr. Deepak Kumar Rijal  LI BIRD  
Mr. Regan Sapkota  Oxford Policy Managament  
Mr. Abhishek Shrestha  Digo wikas Institute  
Mr. Rajan Thapa  DCA  
Mr. Prakirna Tuladhar  
Mr. Dharam Raj Uprety  Practical Action  
Mr. Abhishek Yadav  NDC Partnership Nepal  
Mr. Nagdev Yadav  President  Community Development & Advocasy forum, Nepal Mahottari  
Netherlands 
H.E. Mr. Mark Rutte  Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Rob Jetten  Minister for Climate and Energy  
H.E. Ms. Elisabeth Schreinemacher  
H.E. Ms. Sigrid Kaag  Minister of Finance  
H.E. Mr. Markus Harbers  Minister of Infrastructure and the Envoironment  
H.E. Ms. Vivianne Heijnen  Minister for the Environment  
Mr. Bastiaan Hassing  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Ms. Eva Schreuder  Ministry of foreign affairs  
Mr. Alexander Gaastra  Director General Climate & Energy  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Ms. Kitty van der Heijden  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jaime Prins de Bourbon de Parme  Special Climate Envoy  Government of the Netherlands  
Mr. Harry Vreuls  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Ms. Kim Solberg  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Ms. Lenneke IJzendoorn  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Thomas Vergna  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Ms. Laurien Eblé  Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Ms. Vera Olgers  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Rob van Dorland  Royal Netherlands Meteorological Office  
Mr. Lucas du Pré  Ministry of Aggriculture, Nature and Food Quality  
Mr. Marc Balder  Netherlands Enterprise Agency  
Ms. Heloïse van Houten  Ministry of Agriculture, Nature and Food Quality  
Ms. Maaike Willemsen  
Mr. Dirk Krijgsman  
Ms. Maroucha Veerman  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Melissa Calistro  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Richard den Hoedt  
Ms. Froukje Gaasterland  
Ms. Suraya Dewi Honorine Tamis  
Mr. Dennis Jansen  
Ms. Sarah Oey  
Mr. Raoul Boucke  Member of Parliament  
Ms. Dominique Crijns  Ministry for Infrastructure and the Environment  
Mr. Laurens Dassen  
Mr. Silvio Erkens  
Mr. Dion Huidekooper  
Mr. Ferdi Klaver  
Ms. Suzanne Kröger  Member of Parliament  
Ms. Agnes Mulder  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Hendrik Oosterhuis  Political Advisor to the Minister for Climate and Energy  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Erwin Albert Pieters  Royal and Diplomatic Protection Service  
Ms. Aafke Plug  
Mr. Niels Redeker  Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy  
Mr. Henricus Schaapveld  Embassy of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in Cairo  
Mr. Bruno van den Toorn  
Mr. Geoffrey van Leeuwen  
Mr. Remy van Os  
New Zealand 
Ms. Kay Harrison  Climate Change Ambassador  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
New Zealand (continued) 
H.E. Mr. James Shaw  Minister  Climate Change  Government of New Zealand  
Ms. Helen Plume  Principal Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry for the Environment  
Mr. Benjamin Michael Abraham  Senior Adviser - Climate Finance  Development People and Planet  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Andrea Brandon  Principal Scientist  Ministry for the Environment  
Ms. Anna Broadhurst  Climate Change Adviser  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Alison Carlin  Lead Adviser - Environment  Pacific and Development Group  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Tiana Carter  Policy Officer  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Todd Croad  Specialist  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Lindy Fursman  Chief Adviser  Climate Change  Ministry for the Environment  
Ms. Carrie Maree Gage  Political Advisor  Climate Change  Government of New Zealand  
Ms. Georgina Halstead  Policy Officer  Climate Change Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Callum Toby Hames  Deputy Head of Mission  New Zealand Embassy Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Ms. Louise Hunt  Manager  International Environment Policy and Trade  Ministry of Primary Industries  
Ms. Emily Mathias  Policy Analyst  International Environment  Ministry for Primary Industries  
Ms. Jacqueline Irene Ruesga Carman  Policy Analyst  ETS Markets  Ministry for the Environment  
Mr. Romero Viane  Legal Analyst  Ministry of Climate, Ocean & Resilience (MiCORe)  Government of Tokelau  
Nicaragua 
Mr. Javier Antonio Gutiérrez Ramírez  Secretario de Cambio Climático de la Presidencia de la Republica  Secretaria de Cambio Climático de la Presidencia  Presidencia de la República de Nicaragua  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Mohamed Farrara Lashtar  Minister Advisor and Ambassador  Embassy of Nicaragua to the Government of the United Arab Emirates  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Ivania del Carmen León Rivas  Vice Minister of Agriculture  Vice Ministry of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Xochilt Noelia Cortes Stubbert  Co-director of the National System for Disaster Prevention, Mitigation and Attention  Directorate  National System for Disaster Prevention, Mitigation and Attention  
Ms. Vanessa Alcira Molina Cruz  Director of Projects of the Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources  National and International Projects and Agreements Division  Ministry of Natural Resources and the Environment  
Mr. Julio Antonio Cárcamo Rodríguez  Jefe de la Oficina de Monitoreo Social y Ambiental  Oficina de Monitorio Social y Ambiental MHCP  Ministerio de Hacienda y Crédito Público  
Mr. Alberto José Cabezón Vázquez  Especialista de Movilización de Recursos de Fondos Verdes  Oficina de Monitoreo Social y Ambiental del MHCP  Ministerio de Hacienda y Crédito Público  
Niger 
M. Maâzou Kamayé  Executive Secretary  CNEDD  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Gousmane Moussa  Conseiller en Changements Climatiques  Secrétariat Exécutif du CNEDD  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
Mme Saratou Rabiou Inoussa  Ministre  Ministère  Ministère de l'eau, de l'environnement et la lutte contre la désertification  
Mr. Issifi Boureima  Président du CTO CCRS  CTO/CCRS: Commission Climat pour la Région du Sahel  Cabinet du Président de la République  
M. Ali Bety  Haut Commissaire  HCI3N  Présidence de la République  
Niger (continued) 
M. Aboubacar Souley  Conseiller Technique  Secrétariat Général  Ministère de l’Environnement  
M. Ag Arya Moussa  Secrétaire Général  Ministère de l’Enseignement Supérieur  Ministère de l'Enseignement Supérieur  
M. Mahamadou Abdallah  Député  Réseau Parlementaire sur les  Assemblée Nationale  
S.E. Mme Aminatou Habibou  Députée Nationale  Commission Développement Rural et Environnement  Assemblée Nationale  
M. Zakari Garba  Député  Commission Développement Rural et Environnement  Assemblée Nationale  
Mme Hapsatou Djibrilla  Deputé  Commission Développement Rural et Environnement  Assemblée Nationale  
Mme Rabi Kiassa  Députée  Assemblée Nationale  
M. Oumarou Moussa Ibrahim  Directeur de Cabinet Adjoint  Présidence de la République  Présidence de la République  
M. Soumaila Elhadji Mabaye  Médecin  Santé  Présidence de la République  
M. Souleymane Harouna Gazobi  Aide de Camp  Présidence de la République  Présidence de la République  
M. Adam Malam Kandine  Conseiller Spécial  ANFICT  Agence Nationale de Financement des Collectivités Territoriales  
M. Sani Maawi  Financier  Présidence de la République  
S.E. M. Mahaman Mansour Hadji Dado  Directeur Général du Protocole  Protocole  Présidence de la République  
S.E. M. Massoudou Hassoumi  Ministre d’Etat  Ministère  Ministère des Affaires Etrangères  
S.E. M. Ibrahim Yacoubou  Ministre d’Etat  Affaires Etrangères  Ministères en Charge des Affaires Etrangères  
S.E. Mme Nana Aicha Andia Sani  Ambassadrice du Niger en Egypte  Ambassade  Ministre des Affaires Etrangères  
M. Hadi Moussa Gourgoudou  Chef de Groupement Peul  ACTN  
M. Haboubacar Maman Manzo  Conseiller Principal  Economie Rurale et Environnement  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
Mr. Dodo Abdou Ouhou  Président  Conseil Ville de Tahoua  Région de Tahoua  
Mr. Agali Abdoulkader  Directeur de Cabinet Adjoint  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
Mr. Mahamane Sani Mahamadou  Ministre  Ministère  Ministère de l'Energie et du Pétrole  
M. Tounao Kiri  Directeur Général  Ministère de l‘Energie  Ministère de l'energie  
M. Aboubacar Djimraou  Conseiller Technique  HCI3N  Presidence de la Republique du Cameroun  
Mme Aicha Mahamadou  Conseillère Technique  Cellule Eau Environnement et Assainissement  Présidence de la République  
M. Mahaman Sani Massalatchi  Conseiller Technique  Ministère  Ministère de l'Environnement  
M. Djibo Elhadji Seybou  Chef de Division  HCI3N  Présidence de la République  
M. Saidou Abdoulkarimou  Conseiller Technique  MELCD  Ministère de l'eau, de l'environnement et la lutte contre la désertification  
M. Adamou Ouddou  Conseiller Technique  CEAE  Présidence de la République  
M. Salissou Charha  Conseiller  CNEDD  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
Mr. Mahamadou Daoura Neino  Conseiller  CNEDD  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
M. Abdoulkader Afane  Assistant  CCRS  Présidence de la République  
Mme Nana Mariama Sido  Directrice Generale  CNES  Ministère Energie  
M. Abdel Nasser Ibrahim Miko  Conseiller Technique  CNEDD  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
Mme Marie Claudette Umuhoza Nkubito  Experte  PNA  Conseil National de l'Environnement pour un Développement Durable  
Ms. Zeinabou Chaibou  Agronome  CTO-CCRS  Commission Climat pour la Région du Sahel  
Niger (continued) 
M. Maidadji Tchiffa  Expert  Ministère du Pétrole  Ministère des Mines et du Pétrole  
M. Idrissa Mahamadou Soumana  Expert  CTO  Présidence de la République  
Ms. Boukary Habsatou Amirou  Secrétaire Permanente  CNRA  
M. Moumouni Diadia Abdoul Aziz  Agent  DNEDD  Ministère de l’Environnement  
M. Adamou Basso  Agent  CNRA  
M. Ali Moussa  Agent  CNRA  
M. Maman Mansour Schitou  Directeur  Ministère  Ministère de l'Energie  
M. Ibrahim Lankoande  Expert  CCRS  CTO CCRS  
M. Maman Zanguina Sanouchi  Directeur  Ministère de la Gestion des Catastrophes  
M. Djibo Saley Boubacar  Agent  CNPC  Ministère du Pétrole  
M. Wang Hongtao  Expert  CNCP  Ministère du Pétrole  
M. Zakari Hima  Directeur  Energie  Ministère de l'energie  
Mme Ramata ABBA Kiari  Directrice  DGDDNE  Ministère en charge de l'Environnement  
Mme Yagana Boukar Koura  Directrice Générale Adjointe  DGDNEDD  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Mr. Hamed Constantin Tchibozo Léonard  Ouallam Team Leader  Regreening Africa  World Vision  
M. Youssifa Ibrah El Sani  Chef de Cabinet  Ministère de l’Environnement  Ministère de l’Environnement  
M. Ali Mahamane  Recteur  Université de Diffa  Université de Diffa  
M. Sakina Mamane Bawa  Expert  Jeunesse  Jeunesse  
Mme Balkissa Gambo Illo Daoura  Expert Climat  Jeunesse  
Mme Falmata Tantou Laouan Wabdarama  DirCab Adjointe  CESOC  
Mme Tabita Kafui Ali Soumaila  Expert  World Vision  
M. Kahmadji A Vincent Djimadoum Kilabe  Expert  World Vision  
M. Haroura Idé Katoune  Expert  World Vision  
Mme Habsatou Inoussa  Membre  CNCOD  Comité National de Coordination sur la Désertification  
M. Yacouba Garba Sanda  Conseiller  Ministère de l'Agriculture  
M. Mamadou Honadia  Expert  ECOWAS  Economic Community of West African States  
M. Amadou Maiga Mahamane  Directeur Général Adjoint  BAGRI Niger  Bagri Niger  
Mr. Saidou Baraze Abdoul Razak  Agent  Bagri  Bagri Niger  
Mr. Kader Mohamed  Ingénieur des Eaux et Forêts  Direction Générale des Eaux et Forêts  Ministère en charge de l'Environnement  
M. Ibrahim Doudou Boukary  Directeur  ANERSOL  .Agence Nationale d'Energie Solaire  
Mr. Chaibou DanBakoye  Expert Suivi évaluation du PPCR  Plan et Economie  Ministère du Plan, de l' Aménagement du Territoire et du Développement Conservataire  
M. Issa Garba Tahirou  Coordinateur  Plateforme sur les Changements Climatiques  Réseau de la Jeunesse Nigérienne sur le Changements Climatiques  
M. Sani Ayouba Abdou  Directeur Exécutif  Ong  JVE-Niger  
Mme Amina Issa Ado  Membre  AJCC  
Ms. Zeinabou Maman Noura  Coordinatrice  ONG ANSEN  
Mme Fatchima Djibrilla Noura  Présidente  ONG Scout de l'Environnement  
M. Soumaila Abdou  Directeur  Finances  Ministère des Finances  
M. Idrissa Moussa  Expert  Local  United Nations Capital Development Fund  
Niger (continued) 
M. Abou Hamid Amadou N‘Gadé  Conseiller Spécial  Communication  Présidence de la République  
M. Kallamou Moussa Sahabi Abdou  Diercteur  ANFICT  Agence Nationale de Financement des Collectivités Territoriales  
M. Aboubacar Goubé Magagi  Photographe  Communication  Présidence de la République  
M. Hadji Omar Mansour  Attaché de Protocole  Présidence de la République  
M. Laouali Yahaya  Cameraman  Présidence de la République  Présidence de la République  
M. Abdoulaye Falla  Agent  Agriculture et Elevage  Ministère  
M. Adam Mossi Bingui  Directeur Général  ANFICT  Agence Nationale de Financement des Collectivités Territoriales  
M. Ibrahim Mani  Maire  Commune Rurale de Goudoumaria  
M. Relwende Clovis Arnaud Tougma  Expert  World Vision  
M. Oumar Ibrahim Sidi  Directeur  Ministère des Affaires Étrangères  Ministère des Affaires Étrangères  
M. Chaibou Alassane  Conseiller Technique  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Malam Karami Lawali  Program Officer  Plateforme Nationale sur les Changements Climatiques  Comité National de Coordination sur la Désertification  
M. Ousmane Elhadji Ibrahim Amadou  Journaliste  ORTN  
M. Ali Bandiaré  Président  Croix Rouge Nigérienne  
Mme Nana Sakina Halilou Kané  Membre  RJNCC  Réseau de la Jeunesse Nigérienne sur le Changements Climatiques  
M. Yaya Djibo  Assistant  DirCaba/PRN  
Mme Leila Lawali Ousmane  Membre  JVE-Niger  
M. Abdoul Aziz Mahamadou  Ingénieur des Eaux et Forêtd  Cabinet du Premier Ministre  
Mme Balkissa Eoubeirou Souley  Fonctionnaire  Ambassade du Niger à Caire  
M. Boubacar Nouhou  Attaché de Liaiso  Ambassade du Niger à Caire  
M. Abdou Souleymane Abdou Adamou  Agent Protocole  Ambassade du Niger à Caire  Nigeria Embassy in Cairo  
M. Amadou Tidjani Adamou  Communicateur  Croix Rouge Nigérienne  Croix Rouge Nigérienne  
M. Harouna Rachidi Abdou  Directeur  Ministère en charge de l’Environnement  Ministère en charge de l'Environnement  
Mme Hamsatou Kailou  Communicatrice  CNEDD  Conseil National de l'Environnement pour un Développement Durable  
M. Laoualy Mahamadou  Conseiller Technique  CNEDD  Conseil National de l'Environnement pour un Développement Durable  
M. Mohamed Mbareck  Conseiller Spécial  Présidence de la République  Présidence de la République  
M. Oumaroub Amadou Ousseini  Premier Secrétaire  Ambassade du Niger à Caire  
M. Barko Ahmed Bachir  Membre  Délégation du Niger  Délégation du Niger  
Nigeria 
Mr. Mohammed Hassan Abdullahi  Minister  Environment  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Sadiya Umar farouq  Minister  Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development  
Mr. Udi Odum  Minister of State  Environment  
Mr. Suleiman Hussaini Adamu  Minister  Water Resources  
Mr. Godwin Jedy Agba  Minister  Federal Ministry of Power  
Ms. Zainab Shamsuna Ahmed  Honourable Minister  Federal Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Sunday Akin Dare  Minister  Federal Ministry of Youth and Sports Development  
Mr. Henry Ikechukwu Ikoh  Minister  Federal Ministry of Science and Technology  
Ms. Iniobong Edith Abiola-Awe  Director  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Salisu Mohammed Dahiru  
Mr. Adeshola Olatunde Adepoju  
Nigeria (continued) 
Mr. Jauro Aliyu  
Mr. Haruna Kuje Ayuba  
Mr. Yusuf Maina Bukar  
Mr. Peter Chidebe Ekweozoh  
Ms. Mbarumun Priscilla Achakpa  
Ms. Margaret Olushola Adesida  
Mr. Abdulrahman Bashir  Senior Scientific Officer  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Charles Kanu Ikeah  
Mr. Oghale Ruth Erezih  
Ms. Aisha Usman Mahmood  
Mr. Idris Olubola Musa  
Mr. Eugine Otaigbe Itua  
Mr. Moses Modey Ama  
Mr. Nura Abba Rimi  
Mr. Mohammed Nuruddeen Isah  
Ms. Chinwe Oluwatoyin Adindu  
Ms. Mabel Omoteshowho Emmanuel  
Mr. Mukaila Segun Babarinde  
Mr. Rukayya Muhammad  
Mr. Shehu Tijjani Bello  
Mr. Daniel Etim Obot  
Ms. Victoria Gyang Pwol  
Mr. Abubakar Yusuf  
Mr. James Sule  
Ms. Eunice Aumbur Bem  
Mr. Abubakar Sadiq Muhammad  
Mr. Musa Yauri Aliyu  
Ms. Nyazi Henrietta Alhassan  Deputy Director  NEWMAP  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Abdulrahaman Muhammad Garba  Senior Scientific Officer  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Sylvester Uchechukwu Ibeneme  Assistant Chief Scientific Officer  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ambrose Ohis Ikosimi  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Najega Bala Rufai  
Mr. Bello Yankuzo Sani  
Ms. Maryam Hassana Shehu  
Ms. Halima Bawa- Bwari  
Ms. Asmau Jibril  Chief Scientific Officer  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Sanjo Oladepo Faniran  
Ms. Nnenna Cynthia Nwankwo  
Mr. Paul Ochefijie Oyaje  
Ms. Adelaide Okocha  
Mr. Abbas Onimisi Suleiman  
Mr. Kabiru Fatai Raji  
Mr. Anthony Jovinus Ezekwe  
Ms. Elsie Assam Imaikop  
Ms. Edidiong Aboje Onyilokwu  
Mr. Ahmed Abdu  
Mr. Abiodun Sikiru Abdurrahman  
Mr. Samuel Adeoye Adejuwon  
Mr. Rasak Kolawole Adekola  
Mr. Adeyinka Adedayo Adenopo  
Mr. Samotu Adesoye  
Mr. Gabriel Tanimu Aduda  
Mr. Muhammad Ahmad  
Ms. Hajara Ahoiza Ahmed  
Mr. Aliyu Ahmed  
Mr. Benjamin Ifeanyichukwu Akabueze  
Mr. Innocent Onu Alenyi  
Ms. Oluwatoyin Olubukola Alonge  
Ms. Justina Chinedu Amadi  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Nebeolisa Anako  
Mr. Samuel Bem Ayangeaor  
Mr. Steve Zaka Ayuba  
Mr. Yakubu Mohammed Baba  
Mr. Jonah Dogo Barde  
Ms. Aishatu Kamaludeen Barde  
Mr. Itimitang Stanley Bassey  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Douye Bigbo  
Mr. Kamoru Oladimeji Busari  
Mr. Mhusaya Moses Khwashim Chindaba  
Mr. Fidelis Francis Ekor  
Ms. Uduak Effiong Ekpa  
Ms. Uchenna Scholastica Ezeude  Senior Scientific Officer  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Ayodeji Oladayo Falemu  
Ms. Chinma Ugonwa Eredappa George  
Mr. Habibah Umar Ibrahim  
Ms. Amina Adimbo Ibrahim  
Mr. Muntari Yusuf Ibrahim  
Mr. Nasiru Medugu Idris  
Mr. Isiaka Tolani Ishola  
Mr. Mustapha Halilu Lamorde  
Mr. Abuyazid Lawal  
Mr. Anas Mahmud  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Paul Ibrahim Mika  
Mr. Mailadi Yusuf Abba Misau  
Mr. Malami Muhammad  
Mr. Umar Mukhtar  
Mr. Kabir Ibrahim Muktar  
Mr. Hassan Musa  Permanent Secretary  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Clement Onyeaso Nze  
Mr. Kingsley Aghogho Odoh  
Mr. Chukwuemeka Okebugwu  
Mr. Alfred Friday Okoh  
Mr. Effiom Essien Oku  
Nigeria (continued) 
Ms. Adesola Aribike Olatunde  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Olubunmi Olusanya  
Ms. Aisha Shehu Omar  
Mr. Lawan Ezekiel Pwana  Scientific Officer  Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Bashir Muhammad Saad  
Mr. Abdulkadir Bolaji Saadu  
Ms. Olajumoke Bolanle Salako  
Ms. Hajara Umar Sami  
Mr. Awal Daura Sani  
Mr. Olusegun Kolawole Shogbola  
Mr. Abubakar Abdullkareem Suleiman  
Ms. Charity Twatimi  Department of Climate Change  Federal Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Nicholas Prince Uhomoibhi  
Ms. Sandra Chinonye Ukaegbu  
Ms. Ann Ogechi Umar  
Mr. Bala Yunusa Yusuf  
Niue 
H.E. Ms. Esa Sharon-Mona Ainuu  Honorable Minister Ministry of Natural Resources  Premier's Department  Government of Niue  
Mr. George Joseph Carter  Research Advisor  Australian National University - Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Program  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Delaine Tagaloa Louise Cooper  Director Climate Change Resilience  Climate Change Resilience  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Siosinamele Lui  Climate Traditional Knowledge Officer  Climate Change Resilience  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Melinia Rokowati Nawadra  Social Inclusion Adviser  Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat  Pacific Islands Forum Secretariate (PIFS)  
Mr. Taveli Milan Godsmark Pavihi  Environment & Climate Change Officer  Environment, Ministry of Natural Resources  Government of Niue  
Ms. Rossylynn Arney Pulehetoa-Mitiepo  Director  Niue Meteororological Service, Ministry Natural Resources  Government of Niue  
Mr. Avraham Yaakov Rubin  Chairman Telecom Niue Limited/ Vice President Tofia Niue  Telecoms Niue Ltd  
Ms. Felicia Mokahetau Pihigia Talagi  Director Project Management Coordination Unit  Project Management Coordination Unit  Government of Niue  
Ms. Lynsey Nina Foufou Talagi  Manager Maritime  Transport, Ministry of Infrastructure  Government of Niue  
Ms. Sinapuaaelo Florrette Loloma Tuuau-Tiperia  Finance and Administration Officer  NDC Hub  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Claudia Talaileva Stellaly Viliamu  Senior Administration Officer  Utiliy, Civil works & Quarry  Ministry of Infrastructure  
Ms. Lisa Leilani Williams  Public Affairs Adviser  Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat  
North Macedonia 
Mr. Naser Nuredini  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Physical Planning  
Ms. Eljma Altorok  Chargé d'Affaires a.i.  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Teodora Obradovikj Grncharovska  State Counselor on Climate Change, UNFCCC National Focal Point  Ministry of Environment and Physical Planning  
Ms. Dragana Cherepnalkovska  EU  Ministry of Environment and Physical Planning  
Norway 
Mr. Espen Barth Eide  Minister of Climate and Environment  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Henrik Hallgrim Eriksen  Chief Negotiator  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Jonas Gahr Støre  Prime Minister of Norway  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Georg Børsting  Policy Director  Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Marianne Karlsen  Chief Climate Analyst  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Matilde Angeltveit  Norwegian youth delegate on climate  The Norwegian Children and Youth Council  
Ms. Turid Alexandra Barkald  Higher Executive Officer  Ministry of Finance  
Norway (continued) 
Mr. Jon Berg  Head of Communication  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Carina Backer-Grøndahl Blaalid  
Ms. Lilian Bredal Eriksen  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Forum for Environment and Development  
Mr. Oyvind Christophersen  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Environment Agency  
Ms. Mari Helene Flaathen  Student intern  Royal Norwegian Embassy in Cairo  
Mr. Martin Lerberg Fossum  Communications Adviser  Norwegian Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Alice Gaustad  Chief Engineer  Norwegian Environment Agency  
Mr. Jon Petter Gintal  Head of Section  Sami Parliament of Norway  
Ms. Lauren Céline Naville Gisnaas  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation  
Ms. Ane Gjengedal  Adviser  Ministry of Petroleum and Energy  
Mr. Jon Magnar Haugen  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Ministry of Agriculture and Food  
Ms. Bente Herstad  Policy Director  Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation  
Ms. Tone Hertzberg  Senior advisor  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Geir Ove Hjemsæter  Close Protection Officer  Norwegian Police Security Service  
Mr. Hans Olav Ibrekk  Special Envoy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Tale Benedikte Jordbakke  State Secretary  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Jorgen Kaspersen  Close Protection Officer  Norwegian Police Security Service  
Ms. Gurminderjit Kaur  Advisor  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Hans Kolshus  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Cecilie Christin Kverme  Senior Adviser  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Fosse Leif John  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Gard Lindseth  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Kathrine Loe Bjoenness  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Environment Agency  
Ms. Charlotte Petersen  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Ane Rostrup Gabrielsen  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Peer Stiansen  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Tove Stub  Senior Adviser  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Stig Oeyvind Uhr Svenningsen  Deputy Director General  Ministry of Petroleum and Energy  
Mr. Stig Traavik  Director  Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation  
Ms. Anne Beathe Kristiansen Tvinnereim  Minister of International Development  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Norway  
Ms. Ragnhild Marie Falkenberg Valstad  Senior Adviser  Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation (NORAD)  
Ms. Maria Varteressian  Political Adviser  Minisitry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Christina Voigt  Professor  University of Oslo  
Ms. Natalie Winger  Higher Executive Officer  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Oman 
H.E. Mr. Naif Ali Hamed Al Abri  Civil Aviation Authority President  CAA  Civil Aviation Authority  
H.E. Mr. Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Amri  Chairman of Environmental Authority  Environment Authority  
H.E. Mr. Salim Nasser Said Al Aufi  Minister  Ministry of Energy and Minerals  
H.E. Mr. Khalifa Ali Issa Al Harthy  Under Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Humaid Ali Sultan Al Maani  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Oman (continued) 
H.E. Mr. Abdullah Nasser Musallam Al Rahbi  Ambassador  Oman Embassy in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mulham Basheer Abdullah Al-Jarf  
Mr. Ibrahim Ahmed Al Ajmi  Director General of Climate Affairs  Climate Affairs Directorate  Environment Authority  
Mr. Said Hamed Al Sarmi  Weather Forecasts Specialist  Authority of Civil Aviation  
Mr. Mazin Rashid Nasser Al Lamki  Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Mohammed Saif Al-Kalbani  
Mr. Ahmed Khalifa Said AL-Harthi  Diplomat  Oman Embassy in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Omar Khalfan Nasser Al Wahaibi  Nama Group Chief Executive Officer  Nama Group  
Mr. Mohammed Khalfan Al Shuaili  Petroleum Development Oman  
Ms. Muna Al Jabri  
Ms. Hanan Al Abdali  
Mr. Al Nunthir Mustafa Ali Al Abdullatif  OQ  
Mr. Ali Obaid Al Adawi  Director of Agriculture Research  Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Water Recourses  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Moosa AL Ajmi  
Mr. Hassan AL Balushi  
Ms. Samira Moula Bakhsh Al Balushi  
Mr. Obaid Pir Mohamed Al Balushi  
Mr. Abdul Hakeem Abdullah Al Balushi  
Mr. Moosa AL Habsi  
Mr. Khalil Khamis Al Hanashi  
Mr. Mohammed Issa Nasser Al Harthi  Financial Analyst  Ministry Of Economy  
Mr. Abdullah AL Harthy  
Mr. Khalid Al Hasani  
Mr. Abdulrahim AL Hoqani  
Ms. Najla Zuhair Ali Al Jamali  OQ  
Mr. Moosa Masoud Al Kalbani  Acting Director of Climate Affairs Technologies and Projects Department  Environment Authority  
Ms. Maryam AL Kharusi  
Ms. Buthaina AL Khausi  
Ms. Fatma Rashid Al Kiyumi  
Mr. Nabeel Murtadha Malallah Al Lawati  Petroleum Development Oman  
Mr. Ghalib Said Majid Al Maamari  OQ  
Mr. Musallam AL Maashani  
Mr. Said Talib Said Al Maawali  
Mr. Mohamed AL Mamari  
Mr. Anwar Omar Al Marhoon  
Mr. Yahya AL Mawali  
Mr. Ahmed Mohammed Khamis Al Mezeini  Assistant Director For Budget Department of Authorities and Independent Units  Department of Authorities and Independent Units  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Munira AL Mukhaini  
Mr. AL Haitham AL Mushaifri  
Ms. Raqiya AL Ofi  
Mr. Hilal Hammed Hamed Al Qassabi  Head of Environmental Planning  EA  Environment Authority  
Mr. Hamad Hamood Al Rahbi  Climate Affairs Technician  Climate Change Mitigation  Environment Authority  
Mr. Sufyan AL Rahbi  
Ms. Najd AL Raiisi  
Mr. Abdullah AL Reasi  
Mr. Moutaz Amur Mohamed Al Riyami  Gas Director  PDO  Petroleum Development Oman  
Mr. Mishal Amer Al Riyamy  
Mr. Nasser Al Rizeiq  
Mr. Abdulaziz AL Salhi  
Mr. Abdullah Al Shereiq  
Mr. Abdulaziz AL Wahaibi  
Ms. Anoud AL Wahaibi  
Mr. Saif AL Wahaibi  
Ms. Aliya Dad Karim Al Zadjali  
Mr. Abdullah sulaiman Al-Abri  
Mr. Nabil Ishaq Al-Bulushi  
Ms. Sara Saif Al-Harthi  
Ms. Faiza Mohamed Al-Harthy  
Mr. Hamed Al-Naumani  CEO  OLNG  
Ms. Rawan Rashid Al-Qamshouai  
Ms. Zainab Ali Al-Saadi  
Ms. Juman Saeed Mohammad Al-Saqlawy  OQ  
Mr. Ahmed Said Muslem Al-Shukaili  Environment Authority  
Mr. Hafidh Al-shukairi  specialist  Environment  
Ms. Aziza Albalushi  
Mr. Mohammed ALGhareebi  
Ms. Maryam ALHashimi  
Mr. Khamis ALJaradi  
Mr. Alyaqdhan ALSiyabi  
Oman (continued) 
Mr. Talal Alulaqi  researsher  Environment  University  
Ms. Buthaina ALWahaibi  
Mr. Elliot Peter Aylwin  OQ  
Mr. Javier Lopez Carvajal  OQ  
Pakistan 
H.E. Mr. Mian Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif  Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan  
H.E. Mr. Bilawal Bhutto Zardari  Foreign Minister of Pakistan  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sherry Rehman  Minister  Ministry of Climate Change  
H.E. Ms. Mariam Aurangzeeb  Minister for Information & Broadcasting  Ministry of Information and Broadcasting  
H.E. Ms. Hina Rabbani Khar  Minister of State for Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Tariq A R Fatemi  Special Assistant to Prime Minister  
H.E. Mr. Syed Fahd Husain  Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Public Policy and Strategic Communications  
Mr. Asif Hyder Shah  Secretary  Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Jauhar Saleem  Foreign Secretary of Pakistan  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ali Haider Altaf  Chief of State Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sanaullah  Delegate  Embassy of Pakistan  Press Section Embassy of Pakistan Paris  
Mr. Naveed Ahmed Abbasi  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Manzoor Ahmed  Senate  
H.E. Mr. Munir Akram  Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations, New York  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Romina Khurshid Alam  
Mr. Jawad Ali  Director (UN)  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Wazeer Ali  MOFA  
Mr. Kashif Ali  Embassy of Pakistan  
Mr. Shafqat Ali  Counsellor  Pakistan's Embassy in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sameeah Alvi  Third Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Muhammad Rizwan Asghar  Director  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Naz Baloch  Parliamentary Secretary  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Nauman Bashir Bhatti  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Sajid Bilal  Ambassador  Pakistan's Mission in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahsan Iqbal Chaudhary  
Mr. Muhammad Aftab Chaudhry  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Umar Farooq Ahmed Chishti  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mahzoor Ali Ghauri  Chief Security Officer to the Prime Minister  
Mr. Haseeb Gohar  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Muhammad Arif Rashid Goheer  Global Change Impact Studies Centre  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Hanan Hamid Elhanafy  Translator  Press Department  Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan  
Ms. Sidrah Haque  Trade & Investment Attache  
Mr. Mohammad Hassan  Director (Minister of State)  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Syed Mujtaba Hussain  Sr. Joint Secretary  Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Muhammad Faisal Ilyas  Press Attache  
Mr. Junaid Saleem Jadi  MOFA  
Ms. Syeda Hadika Jamshaid  Speaker  Side event - Supporting countries in considering and adoption carbon pricing – the CI-ACA experience  
Mr. Adeel Ahmad Khan  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Muhammad Aamir Khan  
Mr. Muhammad Usman Khan  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Farrukh Iqbal Khan  Director General  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Shah Nazar Khan  Counsellor/Deputy Head of Mission  Pakistan's Mission in Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Rahim Nawaz Khan  MOFA  
Mr. Muhammad Imran Khan  Counsellor  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Shaza Fatima Khawaja  
Mr. Faisal Karim Kundi  SAPM  Ministry of Climate Change  
Pakistan (continued) 
Mr. Ali Waqas Malik  Director  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Arshad Iqbal Malik  Senate  
Mr. Ghulam Muhammad Memon  Secretary  Science and Technology  
Mr. Mayada Mohamed Mostafa Mohamed  Embassy of Pakisrtan  Embassy of Pakistan  
Mr. Hussain Muhammad  Deputy Chief of State Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Esraa Muhammad  Embassy of Pakistan  Embassy of Pakistan  
Mr. Babar Mumtaz  MOFA  
Mr. Tajdeed Mumtaz  Military Secretary to the Prime Minister  
Mr. Nabeel Munir  G-77 and China Chair / Ambassador of Pakistan  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Raja Muhammad Omer  DIG  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Muhammad Ismail Rahoo  Minister Environment  
Mr. Naeem Ashraf Raja  Director  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Aamir Raza  MOFA  
Mr. Said Rehman  Embassy of Pakistan  Embassy of Pakistan  
Mr. Hassan Raza Saeed  Joint Secretary  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Saima Shafique  Director  Environment Wing  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Iftikhar ul Hassan Shah  
Mr. Syed Tauqir Hussain Shah  Secretary to the Prime Minister  
Ms. Arfa Shahid  Technical support for secretary office  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Muhammad Saeed Ashraf Siddiqi  Director General  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Muhammad Irfan Soomro  MOFA  
Mr. Awais Manzur Sumra  
Mr. Sumair Ahmad Syed  Personal Staff Officer to the Prime Minister  
Mr. Muhammad Umair  Protocol Assistant  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Muhammad Yar  
Mr. Asfand Yar Khan Yaseenzai  
Mr. Syed Ashar Abbas Zaidi  Deputy Secretary  Ministry of Climate Change  
Palau 
H.E. Mr. Gustav N. Aitaro  Minister  Bureau of Foreign Affairs and Trade  Ministry of State  
H.E. Mr. Steven Victor  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Fisheries  
H.E. Mr. Surangel Samuel Whipps, Jr.  President  Office of the President  
Mr. Xavier Matsutaro  Focal Point to the UNFCCC  Office of Climate Change  Ministry of Finance  
H.E. Ms. Ilana Victorya Seid  Ambassador  Permanent Mission of Palau to the United Nations  Ministry of State  
Mr. Ramon Manny Adelbai  Negotiator  Palau Public Utilities Corporation  
Mr. Joseph Aitaro  Delegate  Office of Climate Change  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Mikayla Bree Etpison  Delegate  Office of Climate Change  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Olkeriil Kazuo  Technical Team Member  Bureau of Budget and Planning  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Marli Telaulked Klass  Negotiator  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Ms. Charlene Takako Mersai  National Environmental Planner  Palau Automated Land and Resource Information System  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Laydee Melanch Ngirmeriil  Technical Support  Bureau of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of State  
Mr. Kenley Rudimch-Kenneth  
Ms. Gwendalyn Kingtaro Sisior  EPCU Coordinator  Ministry of Environment, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Ms. Lynna Eridel Thomas  Senior Analyst  Office of Project Management  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Bridge Thomas  Office of the President  
Ms. Ivory Ilse Irorou Vogt  Delegate  Office of Climate Change  
Ms. Veena Balakrishnan  Capacity Building Support for Youth Negotiators  Climate Youth Negotiator Programme  
Mr. Norman Henry Barth  
Ms. Kaitlin Bernhardt  
Mr. Derek Brent Walker  
Ms. Kate Emma Brown  
Palau (continued) 
Ms. Sophie Antonia Daud  Capacity Building Support for Youth Negotiators  Climate Youth Negotiator Programme  
Ms. Emily Davis  
Ms. Marie-Claire Stefanie Graf  Capacity Building Support for Youth Negotiators  Climate Youth Negotiator Programme  
Ms. Henna Hundal  Intern  Stanford University  
Ms. Heidi Johnson  
Ms. Laura Catherine Mei Hou Kam  
Ms. Cynthia Kane  
Mr. Logan Keen  
Ms. Micheline Zalika Khan  Ocean Panel Representative  World Resource Institute  
Ms. Rebecca Kimmel  
Mr. Masanori Kobayashi  Advisor  The Sasakawa Peace Foundation  
Ms. Heeta Lakhani  Capacity Building Support for Youth Negotiators  Climate Youth Negotiator Programme  
Ms. Paula Jill Cheryl Lewis  
Ms. Siobhan Anne Darrell McDonnell  
Ms. Hope McLellan-Brandt  
Mr. Karlos Lee Moresi  Climate Champions Technical Support  Pacific Island Forum  One CROP+  
Ms. Megna Murali  
Mr. Joel Issacar Nilon  Policy Advisor  Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat  
Ms. Eliza Jane Northrop  Ocean Panel Representative  World Research Institute  
Ms. Lisa Schindler  
Ms. Alyssa Brianne Slaimen  
Mr. Rayne Anthony Sullivan  Technical Team Intern  Stanford University  
Ms. Teea Tira  Climate Champion Technical Support  Pacific Island Forum  One CROP+  
Ms. Timaima Dioa Vakadewabuka  International Legal Officer  Pacific Island Forum Secretariat  
Panama 
Ms. Ligia Castro de Doens  Climate Change Director  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Ana Silvia Domínguez  Head of Mitigation Department  Mitigation Department  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Nicole Francisco Almanza  Climate Change Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Victor Francisco Cadavid Caballero  Forestry Director  Forestry Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Vilma Alfú  Climate Action Department Head  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Maribel del Carmen Pinto Castillo  Head of the Adaptation and Resilience Department  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Mari Helena Castillo Mariscal  Climate Action Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Yoisy Belén Castillo  Climate Change Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment of Panama  
Ms. Carolina Velasquez  Climate Change Mitigation Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Melani Acosta  Climate Change Mitigation Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Rubén Abrego  Climate Change Mitigation Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Mirthia Anabel González Barrios  Climate Change Analyst  Ministry of Environment of Panama  
Ms. Vaneska Bethancourt Arcia  Forestry Engineer  Forestry Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Elvis Yoel Franceschi Lopez  Plans and Programs Coordinator  Forestry Directorate  Ministry of Environment of Panama  
Mr. Juan Manuel Lucero Acosta  ClimateTransparency Coordinator  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Katherine Martínez  Adaptation Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Yaneth Laffaurie  Climate Action Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Abdiel Ismael Douglas  Climate Action Analyst  Ministry of Environment of Panama  
Mr. Carlos Eduardo Guerra Sosa  Climate Change Mitigation Analyst  Mitigation  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Ms. Carol Simon  Climate Action Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Panama (continued) 
Ms. Mabel Zúñiga  Climate Change Adaptation Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Ana Carolina Moreno Villarreal  Mitigation Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Ana Gabriela Him Hun  Climate Change Analist  Mitigation Department  Ministerio de Ambiente  
Ms. Anna Hurtado  Climate Change Analyst  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Jorlenis Vargas  Climate Change Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment of Panama  
Ms. Priscila Liamara Riquelme Meneses  Climate Change Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment of Panama  
Ms. Enilda Medina  Climate Change Adaptation Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Gabriela Isabel Avila Castillo  Climate Change Analyst  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment of Panama  
Ms. Adriana Ng  Technical Assistant of the Pro Tempore Secretariat of the CMAR  Directorate of Coasts and Seas  Ministry of Environment of Panama  
Mr. Juan Carlos Monterrey  Fundación Geoversity  
Papua New Guinea 
H.E. Mr. Simo Kilepa  Minister for Environment Conservation & Climate Change  Ministry of Environment Conservation & Climate Change  Government of Papua New Guinea  
H.E. Mr. Kobby Bomareo  Minister  Ministry of Housing  
Mr. Wiliam Lakain  Acting Managing Director  Climate Change & Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Fred Sarufa  Minister/Deputy Permanent Representative  Permanent Mission of Papua New Guinea to the United Nations  Department of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ruel Yamuna  PNG Climate Envoy  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government  
Ms. Debra Sungi  Manager MRV  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government  
Mr. Gibson Ali Holemba  First Assistant Secretary  Department of Works & Infracture  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Kenneth Yamu  Assistant First Secretary  Department of Works  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Jonah Auka  Manager - Adaptation Projects  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Larsen Daboyan  Manager Research and Statistics  Climate Change Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Eunice Dus  Senior REDD+ Policy Analyst  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Joseph Gabut  Board Chairman  National Energy Authority  
Mr. Gewa Gamoga  Manager Climate Change  PNG Forest Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Diana Gora  Senior Environment Officer  Prime Minister & NEC  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Johnson Kilis  Senior Mitigation Officer  Climate Change & Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Samson Kupale  Public Relations Officer  Climate Change & Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Carolyn Kutan  Snr Protocol Officer  Foreign Affairs & International Trade  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Charlie Siniu  Foreign Officer  Foreign Affairs and International Trade  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Riu Vaburi  Snr Protocol Officer  Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Kwaipo Vali  Principle Advisor  Prime Minister and NEC  Department of Prime Minister and National Executive Council  
Mr. Ansca Pakop  Senior Lawyer  Climate Change & Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Rensie Xhira Bado Panda  Manager Policy and Planning  National Energy Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Jason Paniu  MRV Officer  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Papua New Guinea (continued) 
Ms. Garau Podi  Executive Officer  Climate Change and Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Nancy Pogla  Senior Legal Officer  Office of the State Solicitor  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Carol Pokon  Technical Officer  National Energy Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Emily Pomoh  Mitigation Officer  Climate Change & Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Ms. Emma Pongopia  Foreign Service Officer  Foreign Affairs and International Trade  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Sra. Federica Bietta  Managing Director  Coalition for Rainforest Nations Secretariat  CfRN Secretariat  
Mr. Andrew Ranji Bishop  Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Peter Donald Boyd  REDD+ Expert  Coaliation of Rainforest Nations  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Kevin Conrad  Executive Director  Executive Board  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Ms. Mahealani Dianna Delaney  Academic  ANU Climate Change Energy and Disaster Institute.  Australian National University  
Mr. Mark Grundy  Managing Director  Marketing and Communications  Carbon War Room Corporation  
Mr. Eloise Anastasia Guidi  REDD+ Expert  CfRN Secretariat  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Jeremy Scott Harkins  Australasia General Manager  Hop2it Australasia Pty Ltd  
Ms. Kimberly Ann Johnston  Advisor  PA Consulting  
Mr. Jagdish Kishwan  Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Peniamina Doug-Alii Leavai  GGGI In Country Deputy Head  Global Green Growth Institute  
Mr. Christian Lohberger  President Solar Energy Association  Solar Energy  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. Leonardo Massai  Legal Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Jethro Columbo Tulin  Executive Director  Pogera Alliance  
Mr. Michael David Mitchell  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Alistair James Mullen  Carbon Market Expert  Global Rainforest Fund  
Mr. Madhukara Ramalinge Gowda  Director  Kanaka Management Services (KMS) Private Limited  
Mr. Eduardo Enrique Reyes Guerrero  Asesor REDD+  Presidencia de la República  Consejo Nacional para el Cambio Climático y el Mecanismo de Desarrollo Limpio  
Ms. Teodora Loyao Anoba  Advisor  Climate Resources  Coalition for Rain forest Nations  
Mr. Alessandro Cataldo  Advisor  Ernst & Young  
Ms. Mia Rigo  CfRN Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Haytham Ibrahim Atta  Video Graphics  CfRN  
Mr. Dirk Murray Brinkman  Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Frank Burkert  Climate & Sustainability Leader  Ernst & Young  
Mr. Michael Lee Johnston  Advisor  Delotte  
Mr. Dennis Kulanawi  Executive Officer  National Planning and Monitoring  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Sr. Andrei Marcu  Market Mechanism Advisor  CfRN Secretariate  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Edward Hammond Rivers Marlow  Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Michael Mathres  REDD+ Expert  REDD+ Scientist  
Mr. Danilo Mollicone  Advisor  Coaliation for Rainforest Nations  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Henry Joseph Mokono  Managing Director  National Housing Commission  
Ms. Karina Moxon  Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Jon N'Dramei  First Secretary to Minister for Housing  Ministry of Housing  
Mr. Parasanna Midhe Parameswaran  Advisor  KMS  
Mr. Lefeu Patrice Ernest Stephan  Climate Finance Leader  Ernst & Young  
Mr. Ian Robinson  Advisor  CfRN  
Papua New Guinea (continued) 
Ms. Ines Adele Juliette Rodier  Technical Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Alfredo Saitta  Advisor  CfRN  
Ms. Christina Sell  Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Emilio Luis Sempris Ceballos  Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Mr. Kenneth Frank Silverstein  Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  CfRN  
Mr. Peter Smith  Advisor  Coalition for Rain forest Nations  Coalition for Rain forest Nations  
Mr. Daniel Ian Stander  Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Ms. Julie Linn Teigland  EMEIA Leader  
Mr. Srirekam Kesava Vinod  Advisor  Climate Resources  Coalition for Rain forest Nations  
Mr. Ivan Aipi  Manager Finance  Climate Change Development Authority  Government of Papua New Guinea  
Mr. George Atalla  Advisor  Ernst & Young  
Ms. Jill Baker  Advisor  CfRN  
Ms. Hanne Jesca Bax  Advisor  Ernst & Young  
Ms. Neele Brauner  Advisor  MS REDD Plus  
Ms. Ethel Bowman Bunch  Founder and CEO  Sustain SC  
Mr. Leo Cottencin  Advisor  E & Y  CfRN  
Ms. Lauren Curtis  Advisor  S&P Global  CfRN  
Mr. Gerard Paul Gallagher  Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Louis Fredrick Kragh Grundy  Advisor  CfRN  
Ms. Josephine Claudia Kragh Grundy  Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Zarey Hassan  Volunteer  Vegan Team  
Ms. Cathleen Mary Koch  Advisor  Ernst & Young  
Ms. Lin Kuan-I  Volunteer  Vegan Team  
Mr. Tan Men Shu  Volunteer  Vegan Team  
Mr. Kai Miller  Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Manuel Moeller  Advisor  
Ms. Katherine Neebe  Advisor  CfRN  
Mr. Grant Fergus Reid  Advisor  Coalition for Rainforest Nations  
Paraguay 
Sr. Moises Santiago Bertoni Hicar  Ministro  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Sr. Ulises Pedro Antonio Lovera Gaona  Director Nacional  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Mr. Francisco Burgos Villamayor  Director de Cooperación Técnica, Acuerdos y Convenios  Dirección General de Planificación  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Sra. Lilian Cabrera  Gerente  Unión de Gremios de la Producción  
Sra. Aracely Thamara Cardozo Balbuena  Encargada de Despacho  Dirección de Comercio Internacional  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Mr. Agustín Carrizosa Bradshaw  Especialista técnico  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. Larissa Felip Spalding  Itaipu Binacional  
Sr. Diego Dario Fernández Ibañez  Director  Administración y Finanzas  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Victor Andres Gonzalez Bedoya  Director  Dirección de Asesoría Jurídica  Instituto Forestal Nacional  
Sra. Maria Antonia Gwynn  Miembro del Consejo de Administración  Consejo de Administración  Itaipu Binacional  
Sra. Gabriela Maria Veronica Huttemann Arza  Directora  Sistema Nacional Monitoreo Forestal  Instituto Forestal Nacional  
Paraguay (continued) 
Sra. Stella Maris Martínez  Secretaria General  Secretaría General  Ministerio de Agricultura y Ganadería  
Mr. Sergio Mendez  Area de Coordinacion  Itaipu Binacional  
Sra. Graciela Miret  Directora  Dirección de Planificación Estratégica  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. Yolanda Moreno Pozzoli  Embajada de Paraguay en Egipto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Nora Clotilde Páez Ortíz  Jefa de Adaptación  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Víctor Hugo Peña Bareiro  Embajador  Embajada Paraguaya en Egipto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Silvana Mabel Peralta Bogarín  Técnica  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sr. Ever Peralta Gómez  Embajada Paraguaya en Egipto  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Stephanie Sasha Maria Petta Noldin  Jefa del Departamento de Inventarios y Reportes  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. Adriana Antonella Piacentini Orrego  Jefa de Departamento de Mitigación  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. Cinthia Denise Quintana González  Secretaria  Gabiente del Ministro  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. María Guadalupe Rivas Royg  Especialista Técnica  Dpto. de Mitigación  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  
Sra. Sindy María de la Paz Suarez Perez  Unidad de Asuntos Ambientales y Desarrollo Sostenible  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. Gilda Juana Maria Torres Ferreira  Ministerio del Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible  Dirección Nacional de Cambio Climático  
Peru 
Ms. Fabiola M. Muñoz Dodero  Peru Country Coordinator  Governors Climate and Forests Task Force  
Mr. Wilbert Rozas Beltrán  Minister of Environment  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Milagros Sandoval  Directora General de Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministry of the Environment  
Ms. Ana Teresa Lecaros Terry  Directora de Medio Ambiente de la Dirección General de Asuntos Multilaterales y Globales  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jose Manuel Rodríguez Cuadros  Embajador  Representación Permanente del Perú ante la ONU  
Ms. Silvia Cristina Rodriguez Valladares  Directora de Adaptación al Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. Natalia Mariana Alayza Criado  World Resources Institute  
Mr. Rodrigo Alvites Pastor  Monitoring and Evaluation Specialist  MINAM  
Sr. Carlos Alberto Amasifuen Guerra  Director de la Subdirección de Recursos Genéticos  Instituto Nacional de Innovación Agraria  
Ms. Rosmery Cristina Barrantes Serrano  Especialista Legal de la comisión de cambio climático  Congreso de la República  
Mr. José Jesús Guillermo Betancourt Rivera  Embajador  Embajada de Perú en Egipto  
Sra. Bianca Noemí Centeno Calderón  Joven negociadora  Climate Youth Negotiator Programme  
Ms. Jenny Elizabeth Chimayco Ortega  Coordinadora de Comunicación y Fortalecimiento de Capacidades  Dirección General de Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Mr. Christian Eduardo Fernández Dávila  Joven negociador  Climate Youth Negotiator Programme  
Ms. Yesica Noemi Fonseca Martínez  Subdirectora de Asuntos Ambientales Regionales y Bilaterales de la Dirección General de Asuntos Multilaterales y Globales  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Peru (continued) 
Mr. Manuel Enrique García-Rosell Rodríguez  Coordinador de Proyecto, Proyecto Apoyo al Proceso de Implementación de las NDC en el Perú  Dirección de Mitigación de Gases de Efecto Invernadero  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sra. Lizzy Johana Kanashiro Diaz  Especialista en Adaptación Basada en Ecosistemas  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Sr. George Edward Málaga Trillo  Congresista de la República del Perú  Congreso de la República del Perú  
Ms. Alicia Isabel Maldonado Félix  Joven negociadora  Climate Youth Negotiator Programme  
Ms. Mariam Mohsen Mohamed Abd-El Wahab  Traductora e interprete  Embajada del Perú en Egipto  
Mr. George Yousry Nabolion Yacoub  Responsable de Relaciones Públicas  Embajada del Perú en Egipto  
Mr. Giancarlo André Pedraza Ruiz  Segundo Secretario - Jefe de Sección Consular  Embajada del Perú en Egipto  
Mr. Roberto Miguel Piselli Alvarado  Especialista en Financiamiento para la Mitigación de Cambio Climático  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Ms. Maria Angélica Rondon Mestanza  Especialista Legal en Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Dirección General de Cambio Climático y Desertificación  Ministerio del Ambiente  
Mr. Hitler Saavedra Casternoque  Congresista de la República  Congreso de la República  
Mr. Claudio Albert Schneider Negib  Director Técnico Senior  Conservación Internacional  
Ms. Maria Taipe Coronado  Congresista de la República  Congreso de la República del Perú  
Sra. Cheryl Trigozo Reátegui  Congresista de la República del Perú  Congreso de la República del Perú  
Philippines 
Mme Maria Antonia Loyzaga  Secretary  Department of Environment and Natural Resources  
H.E. Mr. Robert E.A. Borje  Minister  Climate Change Commission  
H.E. Mr. Ezzedin Tago  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary  Philippine Embassy in Cairo  Department of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Analiza Teh  Undersecretary  Department of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Anna Victoria Tuazon  Representative  House of Representatives  
Ms. Jocelyn Sy Limkaichong  Representative, 1st District, Negros Oriental  House of Representatives  
Ms. Mercedita Sombilla  Undersecretary  Department of Agriculture  
Mr. Felix William Fuentebella  Undersecretary  Department of Energy  
Ms. Rachel Anne Herrera  Commissioner  Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Albert Dela Cruz  Commissioner  Climate Change Commission  
Ms. Lilian De Leon  Assistant Secretary  Department of the Interior and Local Government  
Ms. Donalyn Minimo  Director  Department of Finance  
Mr. Bojer Capati  Third Secretary and Vice Consul  Philippine Embassy in Cairo  Department of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Danna Paula Olaya  Acting Director  Department of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Carol Kay Paquera  Head Executive Assistant  Climate Change Commission  
Mr. William Quinto  OIC - Assistant Director  Department of Energy  
Mr. Albert Magalang  Chief Environmental Management Specialist  Department of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Ray Thomas Kabigting  Legal Officer  Department of Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Jerome Ilagan  Planning Officer V  Policy Research and Development Division  Climate Change Commission  
Mr. Saiden Esmael  Attache  Philippine Embassy in Cairo  Department of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sharmaine Dianne Ramirez  Planning Officer III  Department of Finance  
Ms. Willa Nicole Tac-an  Planning Officer III  Department of Finance  
Mr. Marius Stephen Torres  Planning Officer II  Department of Finance  
Mr. Jose Joaquin Agustin Loyzaga  Head Executive Assistant  Department of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Angela Consuelo Ibay  Head, Climate Change and Energy Programme; Adviser to DENR  WWF - Philippines  
Philippines (continued) 
Mr. Rommel Reyes  Legislative Committee Secretary, Committee on Climate Change  House of Representatives  
Ms. Rosa Perez  Senior Research Fellow  Manila Observatory  
Ms. Faye Abigail Cruz  Laboratory Head  Regional Climate Systems Laboratory  Manila Observatory  
Ms. Karmela Beatriz Galura  Director  Department of Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Amelia Dulce Supetran  Senior Technical Adviser  Climate Change Commission  
Poland 
H.E. Mr. Andrzej Duda  President of the Republic of Poland  
H.E. Mr. Adam Guibourgé – Czetwertynski  Undersecretary of State  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Jakub Kumoch  Secretary of State  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
H.E. Mr. Michal Labenda  Ambassador  Embassy of Poland in Cairo  
H.E. Mr. Krzysztof Szczerski  Permanent Representative  Permanent Mission of Poland to the UN in New York  
Ms. Iga Pocztarek-Tofil  Deputy Director  Department of International Affaires  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Grzegorz Grobicki  Head of Strategic Coordination Unit  Department of International Affairs  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Wojciech Kolarski  Secretary of State  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Sebastian Barkowski  Plenipotentiary for International Climate and Energy Cooperation  Department of International Affairs  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Edward Basinski  Counsellor to the Minister, Head of Climate and Energy Policy Unit  Economic Policy Support Department  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Waldemar Bryla  State Protection Service  
Mr. Michal Chabros  Counsellor  Embassy of Poland in Cairo  
Ms. Anna Chabros  Consul  Embassy of Poland in Cairo  
Mr. Piotr Dombrowicki  Chief Specialist  The National Centre for Emissions Management  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  
Ms. Anna Felis  Embassy of Poland in Cairo  
Ms. Monika Figaj  Counsellor  Department of Strategy and Evaluation  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Jacek Gajewski  Minister-counsellor  Diplomatic Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Marek Gasinski  Chief Specialist  Organization Bureau  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Tomasz Karpinski  Chief Specialist  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
Mr. Krzysztof Kaluga  State Protection Service  
Mr. Rafal Kos  Advisor  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Ms. Katarzyna Kowalska  Senior Specialist  Economic Policy Support Department  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Jedrzej Kozinski  Second Secretary  Embassy of Poland in Cairo  
Mr. Marcin Lapczynski  Deputy Director  International Policy Bureau  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Lukasz Lesniak  Specialist  Press Office  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Ms. Joanna Milwicz vel Delach  Chief Specialist  Department of International Affairs  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Mr. Krzysztof Mirocha  State Protection Service  
Mr. Jaroslaw Rytwinski  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Pawel Salek  Advisor  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Ms. Katarzyna Sierka  Chief specialist  International Policy Bureau  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Poland (continued) 
Ms. Malgorzata Slusarczyk  Chief Specialist  Department of Direct Payments  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Marek Szczepanowski  Director  Diplomatic Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jakub Szymczuk  Press Office  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Maciej Werkowski  Senior Specialist  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
Ms. Aneta Wisniewska-Soltykiewicz  Organization Bureau  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Szymon Wisniewski  Junior Specialist  Department of International Affairs  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Ms. Aleksandra Witkowska  Press Office  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Marcin Zaczek  Senior Specialist  Institute of Environmental Protection – National Research Institute  The National Centre for Emissions Management  
Mr. Maciej Zajac  Deputy Director  Organization Bureau  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Mr. Michal Zatyka  Press Office  Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland  
Ms. Malgorzata Zuk  Chief Specialist  Department of International Affairs  Ministry of Climate and Environment  
Portugal 
H.E. Mr. António Costa  Prime Minister of Portugal  
Mr. Duarte Cordeiro  Minister for Environment and Climate Action  Deputy to the Minister for Environment and Climate Action  
Mr. José Maria da Cunha Costa  Secretary of State of the Sea  Ministry of Economy and the Sea  
Mr. João Galamba  Deputy Minister and Secretary of State for Energy  Ministry for Environment and Climate Action  
Mr. Jorge Moreno Delgado  Secretary of State of Urban Mobiliy  Ministry for the Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Ana Teresa Perez  Member of the Board  Portuguese Environment Agency  
Ms. Joana Vieira da Silva  Head of Unit Inventories and International Strategy  Department for Climate Change  Portuguese Environment Agency  
Ms. Manuela Franco  Ambassador of Portugal in Cairo  
Mr. Tiago Brandão Rodrigues  Member of Parliament and Chair of the Committee  Committee on the Environment and Energy  Assembleia da República  
Mr. Joaquim Barreto  Head of Portuguese Delegation to IPU; Member of Parliamentary Committee on Agriculture and Fisheries  Assembleia da República  
Mr. Hugo Pires  Member of Parliament  Committee on the Environment and Energy - Assembleia da República  
Mr. Duarte Pacheco  Member of Parliament  Portuguese Parliament - Assembleia da República  
Mr. Hugo Carvalho  Member of Parliament  Committee on the Environment and Energy  Assembleia da República  
Ms. Rita Matias  Member of Parliament  Committee on the Environment and Energy  Assembleia da República  
Mr. Bernardo Blanco  Member of Parliament  Committee on the Environment and Energy  Assembleia da República  
Mr. João Dias  Member of Parliament  Committee on the Environment and Energy  Assembleia da República  
Ms. Joana Mortágua  Member of Parliament  Committee on the Environment and Energy - Assembleia da República  
Ms. Inês Sousa Real  Member of Parliament  Committee on the Environment and Energy  Assembleia da República  
Mr. Rui Tavares  Member of Parliament  Committee on the Environment and Energy  Assembleia da República  
Mr. Miguel Miranda  President of Portuguese Institute for Sea and Atmosphere  Ministry of Economy and Sea  
Ms. Maria Conceição Santos  Deputy Director General for Maritime Policy  Ministry of Economy and Sea  
Mr. José Simão  Director General of Natural Ressources, Maritime Security  Ministry of Economy and Sea  
Portugal (continued) 
Ms. Marisa Silva  Director General of Maritime Policy  Ministry of Economy and Sea  
Ms. Alexandra Carvalho  Secretary-General of the Environment  Ministry of the Environment and Climate Action  
Ms. Maria Teresa Ponce de Leão  President of the Board of Directors  LNEG  
Mr. Fernando Morgado  Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister  
Ms. Sónia Camisa  Chief of Staff of the Secretary of State of the Sea  Ministry of Economy and the Sea  
Ms. Susana Barros  Press Advisor to the Prime Minister  
Mr. José Guedes de Sousa  Director  International Economic Organisations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Ana Paula Rodrigues  Director  Climate Change Department  Portuguese Environment Agency  
Ms. Marta Alves  Deputy Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister  
Ms. Elisabete Cortes Palma  Head of Unit  Foreign Affairs Ministry  
Ms. Catarina Sousa  Head of Unit  International Affairs  Ministry of the Environment and Climate Action  
Ms. Inês Branco  Advisor of the Secretary of State of the Sea  Ministry of Economy and the Sea  
Mr. Bruno Ribeiro Tavares  Deputy to the Minister for Environment and Climate Action  
Mr. Paulo Chitas  Advisor to the Minister for the Enviroment and Climate Action  Ministry for the Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. João Almeida Filipe  Advisor- Minister for the Enviroment and Climate Action  Ministry for the Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Jerónimo Cunha  Advisor-Secretary of State for Environment and Energy  Ministry for the Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Carolina Miranda  Attaché  Foreign Affairs Ministry  
Ms. Cátia Duarte  Parliamentary adviser  Committee on the Environment and Energy - Assembleia da República  
Ms. Susana Santos  Parliamentary Adviser of Assembly of Republic  Assembleia da República  
Mr. Miguel Galante  Camões – Cooperation and Language Institute  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Ana Castela Rodrigues  Senior Officer  International Relations Department  Ministry for the Environment Energy and Climate Change  
Mr. Paulo Henriques  Official Photographer of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Rui Brito  Chief Security Officer of the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Fernando Costa  Security Officer of the Prime Minister  ICT Security audit officers  
Mr. Pedro Morais Fonseca  Writer  Lusa - Agência de Notícias de Portugal  
Qatar 
H.E. Mr. Sheikh Mohammed Abdulrahman Al-Thani  Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Sheikh Faleh Nasser Al-Thani  Minster  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Bader Omar Al-Dafa  Special Envoy for Climate Change and Sustainability  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mishaal Saeed Almazroey  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ahmad Mohammed Al-Sada  Assistant Undersecretary  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Saad Abdulla Al-Hitmi  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Salem Mubarak Al-Shafi  Ambassador  Office of Organizations and International Conferences Department  
H.E. Mr. Ali Khalfan AL-Mansouri  Director of the Department of International Organizations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Abdulla Mohammed Al-Falasi  
Mr. Omran Hamad Al-Kuwari  
Ms. Sara Mohd Al-Malki  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Farhoud Hadi Al-Hajri  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Faisal Abdulla Al-Dosari  
Mr. Mohmoud Abdulaziz Al-Marwani  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Abdulla Nasir Al-Hajri  Public Relations Department  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Qatar (continued) 
Mr. Ahmed Mohammad AlMalki  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Mohammed Hamad Al-Marri  Legal Researcher  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Amna Khalid Kafoud  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Alanood Jassim Alkhater  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Oubay Alkhaznadar  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Baligh Awad Aldakdakay  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Yasir Abdelgadir Ali  Engineer  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Mohammed Rashid Al-Marri  Public Relations Department  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Omar Ali Shehata  Public Relations Department  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Roda Yousuf Al-Subaey  Public Relations  
Mr. Hamad A.Rahman Al-Kuwari  Qatar University  
Mr. Yousef Ahmad Al-Hussaini  Qatar Energy  
Mr. Ahmad Hassan Kafood  Qatar Energy  
Mr. Abdulla Mohd Al-Mannai  Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Rachid Rahim  Civil Aviation Authority  
Ms. Mariam Khamis Alkhulaifi  Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Mohammed Ibrahim Al-Marzooqi  Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Saeed Mohamed AlMarri  Ministry of Commerce and Industry  
Mr. Abdulrahman Mohamed Almulla  Ministry of Commerce and Industry  
Ms. Fatima AL-Khayyat  Road Transport Engineer-2  Land Transport Licensing Department  Ministry of Transport  
Ms. Maha Jassim AL-Hail  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yousef Ahmad Fakhro  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. A.Rahman Mohammed Al-Fakhroo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Saeed Ali Al-Hajri  Minister of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Khlifa Badr A Al-Sada  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Abdulla Eid Al-Sulaiti  Counsellor  Ministry of Forign Affairs  
Mr. Mohammed Khalifa Alnasr  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Eman Ahmed Mohamed  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tariq Ibrahim Al-Tamimi  
Mr. Mohammed Abdulla Alshafai  
Mr. Fahad Hamad Al-Eida  
Mr. Abdulrahman Mohd Alshamlan  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Jassim Mohamed Al-Suwaidi  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Abdulaziz Salman Al-Ali  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Fahad Rashid Al-Marekhi  minister Pleni  
Mr. Ibrahin Mohammed Al-Malki  
Mr. Mohammed Hassan Al-Haj  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Hamad Ghanem Al-Hajri  
Mr. Rashed Mohammed Al-Hajri  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Mansour Faleh Al-Hajri  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Mohammed Waleed Al-Jassim  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Hamad Ali Al-Hajri  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Jaber Antar Al-Marri  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Abdulla Mohammed Al-Khayarin  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Mohammed Issa Al-Kuwari  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Hamad Mohammed Al-Khulaifi  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Ahmad Mohammed Al-Misaifri  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Abdulhadi Ali Al-Qashouti  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Rashid Mohammed Al-Shahwani  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Mohammed Hilal Almeadadi  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Nasser Yahya Ibrahim  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Gocha Jibuti  Amiri Diwan  
Mr. Mohammed Hassan Al-Kaabi  Qatar University  
Mr. Yousef Yaqoub Al-Sharshani  
Mr. Ahmed Yahya Al-Sumaini  
Mr. Baderaldeen Ahmad Bani Khalid  
Ms. Noor Ahmed Al-Eshaq  
Ms. Bashayer Ameer Al-Mulla  
Ms. Maha Nasser Al-Naimi  
Ms. Fatma Mahanna Al-Sulaiti  
Mr. Saoud Abdulsamad Alemadi  
Mr. Ajlan Mohammed AL-Kaabi  Student  
Mr. Oweis Alsalahi  student  
Qatar (continued) 
Mr. Khalid Ali Al-Sowaidi  
Mr. Hussein Osman Shahwan  
Mr. Ahmad Yousuf Al-Subaey  
Mr. Ahmed Gamal Abdeen  
Mr. Nasser Mohammed Alattiyah  
Mr. Nayef Salem Alturki  
Mr. Sabry Gomaa Adam  
Republic of Korea 
H.E. Ms. Kyung Won Na  Special Presidential Envoy for Climate and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Sanghyup Kim  Co-chairperson  2050 Carbon Neutrality Commission  
H.E. Ms. Wha Jin Han  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Ms. Hyo eun Kim  Deputy Minister and Ambassador for Climate Change  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Yang Seog Cheong  Special Delegate of the Republic of Korea to COP27  
H.E. Mr. Hee Young Jung  Special Delegate of the Republic of Korea to COP27  
Mr. Se Chang Ahn  Director General  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Minyoung Han  Deputy Director-General for Climate Change, Energy, Environment and Scientific Affairs Bureau  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sang Seop Lim  Deputy Minister  Korea Forest Service  
H.E. Mr. Jin-wook Hong  Ambassador Embassy of the Republic of Korea in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sungyo Choi  Director  Presidential office of the 2050 Carbon Neutrality and Green Growth  
Ms. Hayeon Cho  
Ms. Eunjeong Cho  Director for Climate Diplomacy Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Byung Sun Choi  Minister/Consul General Embassy of the Republic of Korea in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Seok-Jai Choi  
Ms. You Mi Choi  
Ms. Hyewon Choi  
Mr. Seong-Won Choi  
Ms. Jungsun Choi  Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs  
Ms. Youngsun Choi  
Ms. Sieun Chon  
Mr. Suh Yong Chung  
Ms. Haeyun Chung  
Ms. Juyoung Ham  
Mr. Jung Han  
Mr. Kyunghyuk Jang  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport  
Ms. Jonghyun Jeon  
Ms. Hyoseon Jeon  
Mr. Hokyung Jung  Director  Climate Change International Cooperation Team  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Jae Hyuk Jung  
Mr. Jaehee Jung  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Moon Jung Kang  
Mr. Heejin Kang  
Ms. Ju Youn Kang  
Ms. Bo young Kang  
Mr. Jeongwhun Kang  
Mr. Byungjun Kang  
Mr. Sang In Kang  
Ms. Hyeju Kim  
Mr. Dohun Kim  
Ms. Hyejin Kim  Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport  
Mr. GaRahm Kim  
Mr. Gyuhyun Kim  
Ms. Dayoung Kim  
Mr. Taeyoon Kim  
Ms. Jinnie Kim  
Ms. Doyeon Kim  
Ms. Kyunghee Kim  Director General, Development Finance Bureau  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. GyuSu Kim  
Ms. Ga-yeong Kim  
Mr. Youngmin Kim  
Ms. Dahyeon Kim  
Ms. Yiseul Kim  
Mr. Raehyun Kim  
Mr. Sejoon Kim  
Mr. Hongjin Kim  
Mr. Jaehyeon Kim  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Namhyuk Kim  Director GHG Reduction Team  Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy  
Ms. Aeseon Kim  
Mr. YoungHyun Kim  
Ms. Jina Kim  
Ms. Jin Young Ko  Interpretor for the Special Delegation of the Republic of Korea to COP27  
Ms. Myungeun Kwon  
Ms. Inyoung Lee  Ministry of Science and ICT  
Ms. Sukhui Lee  
Mr. Hansol Lee  
Mr. Woo Jin Lee  
Ms. Eonji Lee  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Republic of Korea (continued) 
Mr. Sehyuk Lee  
Ms. Hyunji Lee  
Mr. Donmin Lee  
Mr. Hanung Lee  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Hyuk Lee  
Ms. Soyoung Lee  
Mr. Sungjo Lee  National Assembly  
Mr. Daeho Lee  
Ms. Younghyun Lee  
Ms. Saehee Lee  
Mr. Hoyeong Lee  
Mr. Changyong Lee  
Ms. Soomin Lee  
Ms. Seoyoung Lim  
Mr. Jaekyu Lim  
Mr. Byeongsan Min  
Ms. Soojeong Myeong  
Ms. Eunbin Nam  
Ms. Eul Noh  
Mr. Dongwoon Noh  
Ms. Kyungmi Oh  
Mr. Sungtaek Oh  
Ms. Eunsook Oh  
Ms. Yaewon Oh  Korea Meteorological Administration  
Mr. Jin Gyu Oh  
Ms. Jieun Park  Korea Meteorological Administration  
Mr. Han-Gyeol Park  
Mr. Deok Young Park  
Ms. JeongEun Park  
Mr. Eunsik Park  
Mr. Gyu Uk Ra  Counselor Embassy of the Republic of Korea in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Donghyuk Shin  
Mr. Hyunsoo So  
Mr. Myeongdal Song  Deputy Minister for Marine Policy Office  Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries  
Ms. Minkyung Song  
Ms. Jina Yang  
Ms. Jiyeong Yang  
Ms. Nayoung Yim  Korea Meteorological Administration  
Mr. Seung jick Yoo  
Mr. Youngki Yoon  
Ms. Sangah You  
Republic of Moldova 
H.E. Ms. Natalia Gavrilita  Prime Minister of the Republic of Moldova  
Ms. Iordanca-Rodica Iordanov  Secretary of State  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Stela Drucioc  Head of Division  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Vladimir Bolea  Minister of Agriculture and Food Industry  Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Industry  
Ms. Ina Co.eru  Deputy  Parliament of the Republic of Moldova  
Ms. Stela Jemna  Chief of the Prime Minister's Cabinet  Government of the Republic of Moldova  
Mr. Anastasia Taburceanu  Spokesperson of the Government  Government of the Republic of Moldova  
Mr. Dorin Frasîneanu  Adviser of the Prime Minister  Government of the Republic of Moldova  
Mr. Andrei Nicolenco  First Secretary  Multilateral Cooperation Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of the Republic of Moldova  
Ms. Nicolina Cramarenco  Head of Legal Service  Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Natalia Maximciuc  Counselor  Embassy of the Republic of Moldova to the Republic of Turkey  
Mr. Alexandru Topor  Photographer  Government of the Republic of Moldova  
Mr. Radu Prodan  Security Officer  State Protection and Guard Service of the Republic of Moldova  
Romania 
H.E. Mr. Klaus-Werner Iohannis  President of Romania  
H.E. Mr. Barna Tánczos  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Mr. Virgil-Daniel Popescu  Minister  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Ionu. Sorin Banciu  Secretary of State  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Gherghita Nicodim  UNFCCC National Focal Point; Head of Unit  Climate Change Unit, Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Ms. Alexandra Maria Bocse  State Adviser  Climate and Sustainability  Presidential Administration  
Romania (continued) 
Mr. Andrei Boureanu  Aide - de - camp/Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Florian Calin  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Constantin Chelba  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Stefan Cristache  Aide - de - camp/Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Ioan Cristea  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Liviu Curea  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Ms. Delia Dinu  Presidential Adviser  Department of Protocol  Presidential Administration  
Mr. Adrian Iulian Gaman  Third Secretary - Political Section  Embassy of Romania in the Arab Republic of Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Andrei Iordache  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Alin Moise  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Danut Neacsu  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Ms. Lumini.a Odobescu  Presidential Adviser  Department of European Affairs  Presidential Administration  
Ms. Lidia Radu  Doctor  Protection and Guard Service  
Ms. Nicoleta Samoila-Eufrosina  Counselor  Ministry of Environment, Water and Forests  
Mr. Florin Scurtu  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Mihai .tefan Stuparu  Ambassador  Embassy of Romania in the Arab Republic of Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Elena Turenschi  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Gabriel Batranu  Networks, Telecommunications and IT Services  Special Telecommunications Services  Special Telecommunications Service  
Ms. Maria-Claudia Aaron-Andries  Counselor for European Affairs  Climate Change and Sustainable Development Directorate  Ministry of Environment, Waters and Forests  
Mr. Lucian-Silvan Pahon.u  Director of the Protection and Guard Service, with rank of secretary of state  Protection and Guard Service  
Ms. Ioana Sanda Stoica  Diplomatic counselor  United Nations Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Drago.-Nicu.or Asaftei  Official Photographer  Presidential Administration  
Ms. Daniela Barsan  Presidential Adviser  Department of Public Communication  Presidential Administration  
Mr. Giani Bor.  Protection Officer  Protection and Guard Service  
Ms. Daniela Cioc  Adviser  Department of Protocol  Presidential Administration  
Mr. Alin Gabriel Constantin  Assistant to the Ambassador  Embassy of Romania in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Ionel Constantin  Minister Plenipotentiary  Embassy of Romania in the Arab Republic of Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Sorin Deaconescu  Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Ms. Alina Ioana Georgescu  Personal Assistant to the Ambassador  Embassy of Romania in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Camelia Tatiana Ilie  Adviser  Public Communication  Presidential Administration  
Ms. Svetlana Tatiana Iosiper  Special representative for energy and climate diplomacy  Asymmetrical Risks Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Catia Latea  Adviser  Department of Foreign Affairs  Presidential Administration  
Mr. Sorin Matei  Aide - de - camp/Security  Protection and Guard Service  
Mr. Ionut Nistor  Networks, Telecommunications and IT Services  Special Telecommunications Services  Special Telecommunications Service  
Ms. Elena Ocenic  Adviser  Department of Climate and Sustainability  Presidential Administration  
Mr. George Petru.an  Minister Counselor  Embassy of Romania in the Arab Republic of Egypt  Ministry of Entrepreneurship and Tourism  
Mr. Cristina Popa  Adviser  General Secretariat  Presidential Administration  
Mr. Ionu. Ciprian Samoila  Official Cameraman  Public Communication  Presidential Administration  
Romania (continued) 
Mr. Catalin Scarlat  Networks, Telecommunications and IT Services  Special Telecommunications Services  Special Telecommunications Service  
Mr. Dragos Vacuta  Networks, Telecommunications and IT Services  Special Telecommunications Services  Special Telecommunications Service  
Ms. Delia Dimitriu  Head of Department  Climate change and circular economy  Geostud S.R.L.  
Ms. Raluca Nicolae  Technical Chief Department  Environmental  Geostud S.R.L.  
Mr. Petru Nicolae  General Manager  Geostud S.R.L.  
Mr. Stefan Catalin Popescu  Head of Department  Environmental  Geostud S.R.L.  
Mr. Ionut Vlad Sandu  Deputy General Manager  Management  Geostud S.R.L.  
Ms. Ana Birchall  Special Envoy for Strategic and International Affairs  SN Nuclearelectrica SA  
Mr. Ahmed Aly Ahmed Mohamed El-Boray  Consular Assistant  Embassy of Romania in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Cosmin Ghita  CEO  SN Nuclearelectrica SA  
Mr. Iulian Nichersu  Scientific Director  Scientific  Danube Delta Institute for Research and Development  
Ms. Ludmila Tones  Director, Communication and Public Relations  Communication and Public Relations  SN Nuclearelectrica SA  
Mr. Marian Tudor  General Director  Scientific  Danube Delta Institute for Research and Development  
Mr. Mohamed Hanafi Hussein Aly Wahba  Driver  Embassy of Romania in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Anca Nicoleta Ma.aoanu  Global Sustainability Lead financial Markets and Metals  
Russian Federation 
H.E. Mr. Ruslan Edelgeriev  Adviser to the President of Russia, Special Presidential Representative on Climate Issues  Administration of the President of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Aleksandr Kozlov  Minister of Natural Resources and Environment of the Russian Federation  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Igor Shumakov  Head  Russian Federal Service for Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring  
Mr. Aleksandr Alchinov  Head  Department of Environmental Protection and Ecology  Public Joint Stock Company Tatneft  
Mr. Sergei Anoprienko  Deputy Minister of Natural Resources and Environment of the Russian Federation  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Aleksandr Argentov  Attache  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Turpal Autaev  Counsellor  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Marat Badretdinov  Senior Specialist  Department of Environmental Protection and Safety  Public Joint Stock Company Tatneft  
Ms. Irina Bakhtina  Chief Sustainability Officer  UC RUSAL  
Mr. Andrei Barukhov  Division Advisor  Department of Planning, Financing Subordinate Institutions and Control  Russian Federal Service for Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring  
Ms. Anna Belokoneva  Deputy head of Department  Department of Communication-Head of Exhibition Management Department  Rusatom International Network  
Mr. Dmitry Belov  Project Manager  Russian Carbon Fund  
Ms. Gulnara Bikkulova  Deputy Director General, International Initiatives and Partnerships  Rosatom Corporate Academy  
Mr. Nikolai Buduev  Deputy  Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Alexander Byrikhin  Advisor to the Chairman of the Climate Change and Carbon Regulation Committee of RSPP  Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs  
Russian Federation (continued) 
Mr. Alexey Chernov  Adviser to the Head  Russian Federal Service for Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring  
Mr. Vladimir Dmitriev  Head of Department  Department of Science and International Cooperation  Federal Forestry Agency  
Ms. Tatiana Dmitrieva  Head of International Relations  FSBI "Hydrometservice"  
Mr. Khalid Dzhabrailov  lead expert  International Relations  Russian Federal Service for Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring  
Mr. Viacheslav Fetisov  Chairman  All Russian Society for Nature Conservation  
Mr. Maksim Filatov  Advisor to First Deputy CEO  The State Atomic Energy Corporation ROSATOM  
Mr. Mikhail Gitarskiy  Head of Division  Department for Calidation and Verification  Federal State Budgetary Organization Russian Energy Agency of the Energy Ministry of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Regina Gleim  Chief Officer of the Division International Relations  Department for External Economic and International Relations of Moscow  Government of Moscow  
Mr. Vitaly Golitsyn  Administration of the Chief Executive Officer, Advisor  Protocol and Events Planning Department  The State Atomic Energy Corporation ROSATOM  
Mr. Sergey Golovachev  Climate & TCFD Lead  Sustainable Development Department  PJSC MMC Norilsk Nickel  
Ms. Daria Goryachkina  Manager  Operational Risk & Sustainability  KEPT  
Ms. Anastasiia Grebennikova  Desk Officer  Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Lidia Guryeva  Executive Director  State Development Corporation "VEB.RF"  
Ms. Anastasiia Iudina  Senior Executive  Markets  KEPT  
Ms. Alexandra Khlebnova  Deputy Head of Unit  Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Guzal Khusanova  First Secretary  The Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the United Nations and Other International Organizations in Geneva  
Mr. Kirill Komarov  First Deputy Director General for Development and International Business  The State Atomic Energy Corporation ROSATOM  
Mr. Alexander Kondratiev  First Secretary of the Embassy of the Russian Federation in the Arab Republic of Egypt  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Sergei Kononuchenko  pecial Prepresentative of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Ambassador-at-Large for Climate Issues  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Artem Konstantinov  Deputy Director for Science  Federal Budgetary Institution "Saint-Petersburg Forestry Research Institute"  Federal Forestry Agency  
Mr. Aleksandr Korchagin  Senior Vice President for Nuclear Power Plant Construction Project Management  Atomstroyexport JSC  
Mr. Aleksandr Kormishin  Project Manager, International Initiatives and Partnerships  Rosatom Corporate Academy  
Mr. Konstantin Korolev  Counsellor  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Alexander Kraevoy  Head  Sustainable Development Programs Department  Public Joint-Stock Corporation RusHydro  
Mr. Ivan Kushch  Director  Department of International Cooperation and Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Vladimir Kuznetsov  Employee  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Aleksei Likhachev  Director General  The State Atomic Energy Corporation ROSATOM  
Ms. Polina Lion  Head  Sustainable Development Department  The State Atomic Energy Corporation ROSATOM  
Mr. Andrei Lisitsyn  Head  Department of Ecology and Technospere Safety  Joint Stock Company Russian Railways  
Russian Federation (continued) 
Mr. Vladimir Lukin  Partner  Operational Risk and Sustainability  KEPT  
Ms. Natalia Lysko  Head of Unit  Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Alexey Lyulyaev  Attache  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Sergey Machekhin  Deputy Director General of Project Engineering, Sustainable Development, International Cooperation  Public Joint-Stock Corporation RusHydro  
Mr. Igor Makarov  Head of the School of World Economy, Head of the Laboratory for Climate Change Economics  National Research University Higher School of Economics  
Mr. Valentin Makarov  Third Secretary  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Vasilii Maklakov  Attache  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Pavel Markov  First Secretary  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Elena Matveeva  Aide to the Deputy  Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Andrey Melnichenko  Chairman of the Committee of the on Climate Policy and Carbon Regulation  Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs  
Mr. Ilia Milgizin  Specialist of the Office of Adviser to the President of Russia, Special Presidential Representative on Climate Issues Mr. Edelgeriev  Administration of the President of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Raisa Momot  Senior manager  SIBUR LLC  
Mr. Igor Morozov  Employee  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Elena Myakotnikova  Adviser to General Director  SIBUR LLC  
Mr. Aleksandr Nakhutin  Head of Division  Institute of Global Climate and Ecology  
Ms. Anna Nakleskina  Climate Expert  UC RUSAL  
Mr. Ian Naumkin  Second Secretary  Department of International Organizations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Tatiana Naumova  Head of the Division for Official Events and Protocol  Department for External Economic and International Relations of Moscow  Government of Moscow  
Mr. Andrey Pestov  Director  Representative Office of PJSC Gazprom in Belgium  
Ms. Polina Polumieva  Researcher  Institute of Global Climate and Ecology  
Ms. Irina Pominova  Head of Climate and Green Energy  Center for Strategic Research  
Mr. Vasilii Pospelov  Adviser to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Roman Riabchikov  PR Manager  Rosatom Middle East and North Africa  
Ms. Tatyana Romanenkova  Expert  Committee of the Climate Policy and Carbon Regulation  Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs  
Mr. Konstantin Romanov  CEO; Head of Division  "Gazprom Hydrogen" LLC  Public Joint Stock Corporation Gazprom  
Ms. Anna Romanovskaia  Director  Federal State Budgetary Institution YU. A. Izrael Institute of Global Climate and Ecology  
Mr. Sergey Rybakov  Head of Administration  All Russian Society for Nature Conservation  
Mr. Iurii Sentiurin  Ambassador-at-Large  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Adlan Shaipov  Researcher of the Center for the collective use scintific equipment  Kadyrov Chechen State University  
Mr. Anton Shashkin  Advisor to the Minister of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation  The Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation  
Ms. Anastasia Smetannikova  
Mr. Evgenii Sokolov  Head of Sustainable Development  Udocan Copper LLC  
Ms. Natalia Stapran  Director  Department for Multilateral Economic Cooperation and Special Projects  Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation  
Russian Federation (continued) 
Mr. Sergey Storchak  Senior Banker  State Development Corporation "VEB.RF"  
Ms. Darya Tikhonova  Senior Manager  Rusatom International Network  
Ms. Angelina Timofeeva-Dubovskaia  Manager  Sustainable Development Department  The State Atomic Energy Corporation ROSATOM  
Mr. Ilya Torosov  Deputy Minister of Economic Development of the Russian Federation  Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Sergei Tverdokhleb  Executive Secretary of the RSPP Committee on Climate Policy and Carbon Regulation  Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs  
Mr. Dmitry Udalov  Deputy Director  Representative Office of PJSC Gazprom in Belgium  
Mr. Vladimir Uskov  Head of the Environmental Affairs Section  Department of International Organizations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Amerkhan Varaev  Deputy Director  Federal State Budgetary Institution Roslesinforg  
Ms. Milana Verkhunova  Managing Director  Public Joint-Stock Corporation Sberbank  
Ms. Victoria Vertyankina  Researcher  Institute of Global Climate and Ecology  
Ms. Elena Vikulova  Head of the Division  Department of International Cooperation and Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Ilya Vodyanov  Attache  The Embassy of the Russian Federation in The Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Alexander Voronkov  CEO  Rosatom Middle East and North Africa  
Mr. Iaroslava Vrubel  ESG Director  Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Works PJSC  
Mr. Oleg Zhdaneev  Deputy Director  Federal State Budgetary Organization Russian Energy Agency of the Energy Ministry of the Russian Federation  
Mr. Ivan Zhidkikh  Head of Department  Special Projects and Sustainability Department  MCC EuroChem  
Ms. Elena Zhukovskaya  Project Manager  Rosatom Middle East and North Africa  
Mr. Aleksei Zontov  Interpreter  The State Atomic Energy Corporation ROSATOM  
Rwanda 
H.E. Mr. Paul Kagame  President of the Republic of Rwanda  
Mr. Vincent Biruta  Hon. Minister of Foreign Affairs  MINAFFET  
H.E. Ms. Jeanne d'Arc Mujawamariya  Minister  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Munyazikwiye Faustin  Deputy Director General  Rwanda Environment Management Authority  
H.E. Ms. Gerardine Mukeshimana  Honorable Minister of Agriculture  Ministerio de Agricultura  
H.E. Mr. Ernest Nsabimana  Minister of Infrastructure  Ministry of Infrastructure  
Ms. Claudine Uwera  Hon. Minister of State in charge of Economic Planning  Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning  
Mr. Herman Hakuzimana  Climate Change Program Manager  Single Project Implementation Unit  Rwanda Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Revocatus Byuma  HoS  Otp  
Mr. Paul Mutabazi  
Mr. Joseph Abakunda  Rwanda Space Agency  
Mr. Thierry Ahimana  Green Protectors  Green Protector  
Mr. Jean Pierre Akiva  
Mr. John Bagabo  
Ms. Candy Colette Nelly Basomingera  
Mr. Franck Hubert Bonny Mebale  KANOOPI  
Mr. Michael Butera  Certa Foundation  
Ms. Adeline Cyuzuzo  Green Protector  
Mr. Mauro de Lorenzo  Researcher Specialist  OTP  
Mr. James Rooney Dukundane  Green Protectors  Green Protector  
Rwanda (continued) 
Ms. Marie Dalie Dukuze  Climate Finance Specialist  Advocacy and Multilateral Environmental Agreements Monitoring Unit  Rwanda Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Aimable Gahigi  Director General  Rwanda Meteorology Agency  
Mr. Alfred Gakuba Kalisa  Ambassador  Embassy  Embassy of Rwanda in Egypt  
Mr. Blaise Pascal Gasabira  Head of Strategy, Research and Resource Mobilization  Rwanda Development Bank  
Mr. Jean Claude Gasana  
Mr. Innocent Gashegu  
Mr. Maxwell Gomera  United Nations Development Programme-Rwanda  
Mr. Nizar Habimana  Embassy  Embassy of Rwanda in Egypt  
Mr. Frank Habineza  Parliament  
Mr. Innocent Hagumimana  
Mr. Yves Hategekimana  Rwanda Space Agency  
Ms. Umuhoza Grace Ineza  Legal Representative  Green Protectors  Green Protector  
Mr. David Irumva Ishimwe  Spruik Agency  
Mr. Olivier Ishimwe  Green Protectors  Green Protector  
Ms. Honorine Isingizwe  Green Fighters  Green Fighter  
Ms. Sandra Isingizwe  Green Protectors  Green Protector  
Mr. David Jesero  Stewards of Eden  
Mr. Samuel Kanyamibwa  ARCOS  
Mr. Vincent Karangwa  
Mr. Basil Karimba  GCKC  
Mr. Peter Katanisa  World Bank  
Ms. Sylvia Kawera R  Green City Kigali Company  
Mr. Kwizera Blaise Kayitare  Spruik Agency  
Mr. Alexandre Kayitare  
Mr. Eric Kayoge Rutoni  Embassy  Embassy of Rwanda in Egypt  
Mr. Francis Kazenga  
Mr. Willson Kazora  
Mr. Israel Kimenyi  
Mr. Richard Magorane  Videographer  OTP  
Mr. Jean Pierre Majyambere  
Mr. Aaron Matsiko  
Mr. Clement Migambi  
Ms. Gloria Nyanguba Cheche Mponzi  One Acre Fund  
Mr. Emmanuel Mugabe  DG  OTP  
Ms. Mpinganzima Teddy Mugabo  Chief Executive Officer  Green Fund  
Ms. Joselyne Muhawenimana  Barista  Question Coffee  
Ms. Eva Peace Mukayiranga  Member  Green Protectors  Green Protector  
Mr. Anthony Nshimye Mukulu  Rwanda Finance Limited  
Mr. Alex Mulisa  Consultant  Natural Fund for Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources  
Mr. Gaston Munyaneza  
Mr. Sanctus Musafiri  Physician  Otp  
Mr. Cedric Mushimiyimana Ishimwe  Green Protectors  Green Protector  
Ms. Umurungi Florence Musiime  Rwanda National Diary Platform  
Ms. Umutesi Nathalie Mutalikanwa  Kigali International Finance Cooperation  
Ms. Brenda Mutoni  Rwanda Development Bank  
Mr. Theobald Muzogeye  Official Photographer  Otp  
Ms. Natacha Rossa Ndahiro  Green Fund  
Mr. Dieudonne Ngabonziza  
Mr. Cyprien Ngendahimana  Rwanda Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Samuel Ngoga  Certa Foundation  
Mr. Gilbert Ningiri  
Ms. Hyacenthe Niyitegeka  Green Protectors  Green Protector  
Ms. Petra Niyonsenga  Ministerio de Agricultura  
Mr. Moise Niyonzima  Spruik Agency  
Mr. Jean Felix Nkundimana  Jali Finance  
Mr. Philibert Nkuranga  Embassy  Embassy of Rwanda in Egypt  
Mr. Philbert Nkurunziza  Ecosystem Recovery and Pollution Management Program Manager  Single Project Implementation Unit  Rwanda Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Jean Bosco Nkurunziza  
Mr. Jean Christian Nsanzabaganwa  Embassy  Embassy of Rwanda in Egypt  
Rwanda (continued) 
Mr. Christophe Nsanzimana  Director of Media  Otp  
Ms. Stephanie Nyombayire  Advisor  Otp  
Mr. Oscar Nzabonimpa  Rwanda Environmental Ngos Forum  
Ms. Malaika Doucelline Rousseau  Rwanda Finance Ltd  
Mr. Pudence Rubingisa  Mayor  City of Kigali  
Mr. Steven Rudasingwa  
Mr. Moses Rugema  Chief of State Protocol  Protocol  Otp  
Mr. Frederick Rugira  Advisor  RG  Otp  
Mr. Pierre Celestin Rwabukumba  Rwanda Stock Exchange  
Mr. Regis Rwagasana Sankara  Executive Office Security Liaison  OTP  
Mr. Patience Rwahama  
Ms. Doreen Rwigamba  KOKO Networks  
Ms. Kampeta Sayinzoga  Chief Executive Officer  Rwanda Development Bank  
Mr. David Edward Toovey  Communications Expert  Green Fund  
Mr. Jean Ugiruwe  
Ms. Isabelle Umugwaneza Nyombayire  MINAFFET  
Ms. Cynthia Amata Uwacu  Rwanda Development Bank  
Mr. Clement Uwihanganye  Spruik Agency  
Mr. Fidele Uwihoreye  Stewards of Eden  
Ms. Natacha Uwimana  Embassy  Embassy of Rwanda in Egypt  
Ms. Emelyne Janviere Uwimana  Young Volunteers for the Environment Rwanda  
Mr. Basile Uwimana  Communication and Outreach Specialist  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Conde Lysa Uwizeyimana  One Acre Fund  
Mr. Bernardin Uzayisaba  United Nations Development Programme-Rwanda  
Mr. Otieno Vincent Marcellus  One Acre Fund  
Mr. Faustin Vuningoma  Coordinator  Rwanda Climate Change and Development Network  
Mr. Thierry Watrin  Advisor to the State Minister in charge of economic planning  Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning  
Ms. Irene Zirimwabagabo  PPS  Otp  
Saint Kitts and Nevis 
Ms. Joyelle Clarke  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Climate Action  
Mr. Denzil Douglas  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Trade, Industry and Commerce and Consumer Affairs, Economic Development and Investments  
Mr. Konris Maynard  Minister  Ministry of Public Infrastructure Energy and Utilities  
Ms. Sharon Dylis Rattan  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Agriculture, Marine Resources, Cooperatives, Environment and Human Settlement  
Mr. Derionne Edmeade  Environmental Education Officer  Department of Environment  Ministry of the Environment and Climate Action  
Ms. Cheryl Jeffers  Conservation Officer II  Environment  Department of Environment  
Ms. Uta Kloenne  
Mr. Shih-Hung Liu  
Ms. Mary Jane Mace  
Mr. Sybastian Manners  Physical Planning Officer  Department of Physical Planning and Environment  Ministry of Communications  
Mr. Alexander Nauels  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Hani Hammam Mahmoub Essa Ramadan  
Ms. Rasha Ihsan Seikaly  
Ms. Nydia Taylor  Ministry of the Environment and Climate Action  
Ms. Cordiesere Walters  Department of Youth  Ministry of Culture, Youth, Sports, Community Development, Telecommunications and Information  
Ms. Hsi-Chen Wen  
Mr. Ming-Hong Yen  
Ms. Sally Yozell  
Saint Lucia 
Mr. Shawn Andrey Edward  Minister  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  Government of Saint Lucia  
Mme Anita Montoute  Permanent Secretary  Department of Sustainable Development  Ministry of Education, Sustainable Development, Innovation, Science, Technology and Vocational Training  
Saint Lucia (continued) 
Mr. Karl Monty Augustine  WILD Life Officer III  Division of Forest and Lands Resources  Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries, Food Security and Rural Development  
Ms. Donette Sheri Charlery  Economist  Department of Economic Development  Government of Saint Lucia  
Mr. Eustace Crispin d'Auvergne  Programme Director  Climate Change and Disaster Management  Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States  
Mr. Curt Delice  Special Affairs Coordinator for the Caribbean Region IICA  Inter-American Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture  Interamerican Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture  
Ms. Jermaine Descartes  Sustainable Development and Environment Officer  Department of Sustainable Development  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  
Mme Josette Edward-Charlemagne  Programme Officer  Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States Commission  
Ms. Shanna Emmanuel  Programme Officer  Organization of Eastern Caribbean States Commission  
Mr. Claudius Emmanuel  Permanent Secretary  Department of Economic Development  Government of Saint Lucia  
Mr. Shurman Francis  Energy Officer  Energy  Department of Infrastructure, Ports and Transport  
Ms. Veronica Francis  Vice Consul  High Commission for Saint Lucia  
Ms. Benise Joseph  Programme Associate  Caribbean Cooperative MRV Hub  
H.E. Mr. Didacus Jules  Director General  Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States  
Mr. Danny Moonie  Communications/Knowledge Management Specialist  Organization of Eastern Caribbean States Commission  
Mr. Neil Oculi  Assistant Professor  Environmental Studies  University of Portland  
Ms. Ruth Phillips Itty  Climate Finance Adviser  Assigned to Department of Sustainable Development  Ministry of Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development  
Mme Averil Heidi Soucra-Albert  Senior Administrative Secretary  Department of Sustainable Development  Ministry of Education, Sustainable Development, Innovation, Science, Technology and Vocational Training  
Mr. Chaney Cuthbert St. Martin  International Specialist Water and Soil Management  Inter-American Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture  Interamerican Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture  
Samoa 
H.E. Mr. Toeolesulusulu Cedric Schuster  Minister  MNRE  
H.E. Mr. Paolelei Luteru  Ambassador  Embassy of Samoa in New York  
Ms. Rosalina Ah Sue  Principal Program Officer  Policies /Programs  Ministry of Women Community and Social Development  
Ms. Anastasia Amoa-Stowers  MEA Coordinator  Legal  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Timothy Breese  Climate change adviser  Climate change  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Frances Debra Brown  Chief Executive Officer  Ministry Natural Resources & Environment  Government of Samoa  
Ms. Kayla Economou  Climate change intern  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Vanda Faasoa-Chan Ting  Technical Adviser  Nationally Determined Contributions Hub  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Teuila Jane Fruean  Technical assistant  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Fotuitaua Yvette Kerslake  Technical Adviser  Pacific Climate Change Centre  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Isaia Lautasi  First Secretary  Samoa Mission to UN  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Mr. Keyonce Lee Hang  Principal Policy Officer  Planning and policy  Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries  
Mr. James Griffith Letoa  Advisor  Private consultancy  
Mr. Justin Lima  Principal Foreign Affairs Officer  International Relations Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade  
Samoa (continued) 
Mme Pepe Luteru  Spouse of Ambassador  Embassy of Samoa in New York  
Ms. Okalani Fulisialagitele Kukuana Mariner  Youth business owner  Youth Delegate on Climate  
Ms. Pata Mase  Finance Officer Projects  Finance  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Leanne Vaotupu Moananu  Communications Support Officer  IT  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Fesiliai Tulia Molimau-Iosefa  Assistant CEO  Animal Health Production Division  Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries  
Ms. Filomena Nelson  Climate Change Adaptation Advisor  Climate change adaptation  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Tolusina Pouli  Assistant Chief Executive Officer  Forestry Division  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Sosikeni Ramese  Communications Consultant  IT  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Anne Rasmussen  Assistant Chief Executive Officer  Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources, Environment and Meteorology  
Mr. Charlie Donovan Reed  IT Support officer  IT  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Peseta Noumea Simi  Chief Executive Officer  Ministry Foreign Affairs & Trade  Government of Samoa  
Mr. Tavita Sua  Acting Inform Project Manager  Projects  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Afaese Luteru Tauvale  ACEO  Meteorological Services  MNRE  
Ms. Toiata Uili  ACEO  Ministry Natural Resources and Environment  Government of Samoa  
Mr. Vani Vai  ADC  Ministry of Police  Government of Samoa  
San Marino 
Mr. Stefano Canti  Minister of Territory and Environment, Agriculture, Civil Protection and Relations with the Public Works State Corporation  
Ms. Giuliana Barulli  Director of the Autonomous Public Works State Corporation of the Republic of San Marino  Autonomous Public Works State Corporation of the Republic of San Marino  
Mr. Ernesto Diego Marsetti  Adviser  
Sao Tome and Principe 
Mr. José Luiz Lima Onofre  Meteorologist/National Focal Point  Environment  National Institute of Meteorology  
Mr. Amílcar De Oliveira Afonso  Director  Foreign Policy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Cooperation and Communities  
Ms. Dudene Vaz Lima  Phd  Energy  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Maria João Da Rocha Martins  Consultant  Príncipe Island Regional Government  
Ms. Julieta Pereira Sousa Sansana  Consultant  Príncipe Island Regional Government  
Mr. Aderito Manuel Fernandes Santana  Assintent RR Program  Departement Program  United Nations Development Programme  
Mr. Deodato Xavier Dias da Costa Neto  Focal Point on Health and Climate Change  Public Health and Primary Health Care  Ministry of Health  
Ms. Sulisa Signo Bom Jesus Quaresma  Engineer  Ministry of Infrastructure and Natural Resources  General Directorate for the Environment  
Saudi Arabia 
H.R.H. Mr. Abdulaziz Bin Salman Al Saud  Minister of Energy  
H.H. Prince Faisal Bin Farhan Al Furhan  
Mr. Khalid M. Abuleif  Chief Negotiator for Climate Agreements  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Eyad A. AlJubran  Advisor  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Taha M. Zatari  Consultant  Designated National Authority  
Ms. Malak T. Al Nory  Advisor  Ministry of Energy  
H.E. Mr. Adel Ahmed Al-Jubeir  
Saudi Arabia (continued) 
Mr. Adnan Alalyani  International Analyst  MEWA  
Mr. AbdulAziz A. Alamri  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Abdulaziz Abdallah Albutti  MoEn  
Mr. Belal Aldokhayel  
Mr. Feraih S. AlEnazey  MEWA  
Mr. H.E. Eng. Abdulrahman Alfadley  
Mr. Ahmed S. ALFahdah  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Yasser H. Algafari  MEWA  
Mr. Mohammed Alghamdi  
Mr. Abdelrahman M. AlGwaiz  Policy Analyst  Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources  
Mr. Amro Y. Alhakami  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Hussah A. Alhamdan  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Aseel A. Alharthi  DNA  
Ms. Noura K. Alissa  International Policy Analyst  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Ahmed S. ALJameel  International Policy Analyst  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Maria AlJishi  International Policy Advisor  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Atheer Alkabsi  International Analyst  Ministry of Energy  MoEn  
Mr. Arif Ibrahim Alkalali  MEWA  
Mr. Abdullah Alkhedhair  
Mr. Tamim A. AlOthimin  Assistant Researcher  King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies  
Ms. Ayael Alqarni  International Analyst  MoEn  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Ali A. Alshalawi  International Policy Analyst  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Abdu Gasem Alsharif  MEWA  
Ms. Nourah AlSudairy  Research Technician  DNA  
Mr. Faisal M. Alswied  Senior International Policies Analyst  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Haifa Jawhar Altaimani  
Ms. Sara Altuwaijri  International Analyst  MoEn  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Hesham A. AlZahrani  Environmental Scientist  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Hassan Alzain  
Mr. Mohammad Ayoub  International Analyst  MoEn  
Mr. Mohammad Binyaqoub  
Mr. Ali S. Hashem  Senior Lawyer  DNA  
Ms. Marwah A. Khan  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Ali Yahya H Mahzari  International Analyst  MoEn  
Mr. Alsharari Qasem  Sr. International Analysis  MEWA  
Mr. Albara E. Tawfiq  Policy Advisor  Ministry of Energy  
Senegal 
Mr. Alioune Ndoye  Ministre  Ministry of environment, Sustainable development and ecological transition  Government of Senegal  
S.E. M. Macky Sall  Président  République du Sénégal  
Mme Aissatou Sophie Gladima  Ministre  Ministère du Pétrole et des Energies  Gouvernement  
Mr. Oumar Demba Ba  Ministre  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Yoro Dia  Ministre  Présidence de la République  
Mr. El Hadj Mamadou Moussa Dia  Conseiller Spécial  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Abdoulaye Dia  Ministre  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Fode Fall  Directeur de Cabinet  Ministère de l'Environnement du Développement durable et de la Transition écologique  
Mr. Mamadou Fall Kane  Conseiller Technique du Président de la République  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Mouhamadou Mbengue  Médecin  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Meissa Celle Ndiaye  Aide de camp  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Aly Ngouille Ndiaye  Ministre  Ministère de l'agriculture et de l'équipement rural  
Mr. Mamadou Ndiaye  Ambassadeur, Chef Service Protocole  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Ibrahima Ngom  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Aboubacar Sarr  Ambassadeur  Ambassade du Sénégal au Caire  Ministère des Affaires Étrangères  
Senegal (continued) 
Mr. Lamine Sarr  Secrétaire Général Adjoint du Gouvernement  Secrétariat Général du Gouvernement  
Mr. Serigne Mbaye Thiam  Ministre  Ministère de l'eau et de l'assainissement  
M. Baba Dramé  Directeur  Direction de l'Environnement et Etablissements classés  Gouvernement  
Mme Madeleine Rose Diouf Sarr  Chef de Division, Chargée de Programme sur le Climat  Ministry of Environment  Direction de l'Environnement et des Etablissements Classes  
Mr. Cheikh Ndiaye Sylla  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment  Gouvernement  
M. El Hadji Mbaye Diagne  Membre du Comité National des Changements Climatiques  Afrique Energie Environnement  Private Sector  
Mr. Libasse Ba  deputy director  Energie Environnement  Enda Energie*  
M. Ousmane Fall Sarr  Directeur des Etudes  Energie  Agence Sénégalaise d'Electrification Rurale  
Mr. Idy Niang  Chargé de Programme sur le Climat  Division régional environnement  Direction de l'Environnement et des Etablissements Classes  
M. Papa Lamine Diouf  Chargé de Programme  Directorate of Environment  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Ms. Dibor Sarr  Aménagiste  Direction de l'Environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Lamine Diatta  Chargé de Programmes Changements Climatiques  Direction de l'Environnement et Etablissements Classes  Ministère Environnement  
Ms. Aissatou Diouf  Chargée de Programmes  Enda Tiers Monde  Environnement et Developpement du Tiers-Monde  
M. Antoine Faye  Chief Resilience Officer  Climate Change  Private Sector  
Mr. Emmanuel Sobel Seck  Coordinateur Programme Environnement Knoweldge Management  Environnement Energie  Enda Energie*  
Mr. Abdou Aziz Diedhiou  Chef Environnement  Finances  La Banque Agricole  
M. Mamadou Diobe Gueye  Lawyer  Direction de l'Environnement et des Etablissements Classes  
Mr. Cheikhou Dansokho  chef de division regional  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  Government  
Mr. Cheikh Mbow  Directeur general  Centre de Suivi Ecologique  Gouvernement  
M. Maguette Kaire  Expert Forestier  Agrhymet  Comité permanent inter-états de lutte contre la sécheresse au Sahel  
Mme Aissatou Boubou Sall  Chef Unité Finance  Ministry of Environment  Centre de Suivi Ecologique  
Ms. Mame Faty Niang  Chef de Division Littoral  Ministère de l'environnement  Gouvernement  
Ms. Fernanda Alcobe  chargé de Programme  IIED  Société Civile  
Mr. Jeremy Davis  Chargé de Programme  IIED  Société Civile  
Mr. Ced Hesse  chargé de programme  IIED  Société Civile  
Ms. Camilla More  Chargée de Programme  IIED  Société Civile  
Mr. Osses Mclntyre Felipe Jose  Chargé de Programme  Climate Analytics  Société Civile  
Mr. Alioune Seydi  Chef Suivi Evaluation  Labanque Agricole  Secteur Privee  
Mr. Ndongo Dieng  Ambassador of Senegal in Kenya  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Alioune Badara Kaere  Chargé de Programme  secteur privé  Centre de Suivi Ecologique  
Mr. Ousseynou Kasse  Directeur Exécutif ANB  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Autorité Nationale Biosécurité  
Mr. Sidy Kaly Talla  chargé de programme  Gouvernement  Agence Nationale de la Grande Muraille Verte  
Mr. Cheikh Niane  Secrétaire Général Ministère du Pétrole et de l'Energie  Ministère du Pétrole et des Energies  
Mr. Papa Samba Ba  Conseiller Technique  Ministère du Pétrole et des Energies  
Senegal (continued) 
Mr. Oumar abdoulaye BA  Directeur Général Agence Sénégalaise Reforestation et Grande Muraille Verte  Ministry of Environnement and Sustainable Development  Agence Sénégalaise de la Reforestation et de la Grande Muraille Verte  
Mr. Baidy Ba  Directeur  Eaux et forêts et Conservation des Sols  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Abdou Hakim Dieng  Chargé de programme  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement durable  Agence Sénégalaise de la Reforestation et de la Grande Muraille Verte  
Mr. Sécou Sarr  Directeur Enda Energie  Enda Tiers Monde  Société Civile  
Mme Fatimata Dia  Secretaire General  secteur privé  Coperes  
Mme Khadidiatou Dramé  Coordonnatrice Cellule Juridique  Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Samba Fall  Chargé de Mission  Technologie  Enda Energie*  
Mr. Gora Diop  Directeur Technique Agence sénégalaise de la Reforestation et de la Grande Muraille Verte  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement durable  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Baye Salla Mar  Assistant Technique Cellule Communication  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Direction de l'Environnement et des Etablissements Classés  
Mr. Mbaye Diop  Secrétaire Général  ISRA  Recherche  
Mr. Adama Kone  Chargé de programme  Ministére de l'Environnement et du Développement durable et de la Transition énergétique  Agence Sénégalaise de la Reforestation et de la Grande Muraille Verte  
Mr. Kora Mamadou  Chef Bureau changement climatique  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Développement durable et de la Transition énergétique  Direction des Eaux et Forêts, Chasse et Conservation des Sols  
Ms. Aichetou Seck  chargée de programme  Climate Analytics  Société Civile  
Mr. Mame ibrahima Gueye  informaticien  direction environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Djidiack Faye  Directeur ARD  Collectivités Locales  Gouvernement  
Mr. Fahad Saeed  chargé de programme  climate analytics  Société Civile  
Mr. Boubacar Mbodji  Conseiller Spécial  Présidence de la République  Gouvernement  
Ms. Ndeye dieynaba Sow  chargée de programmes climat  Direction Environnement  Gouvernement  
Ms. Fatou Diabate  chercheur  Institut International Environnement developpement  organisation non gouvernemental  
Mr. Patrice Denis Kadiandy Joseph Sane  Conseiller Technique  Ministry of Environmentn sustainable development and ecological transition  Government of Senegal  
Mr. Ousmane Ndiaye  Directeur  Agence Nationale de l'Aviation Civile et de la Météorologie  Ministère du Tourisme et des Transports Aériens  
Mr. El Hadji Boubacar Dia  Environnementaliste  Environnement  promoville  
Mr. Youssouph Diallo  Directeur des organisations internationales et de la mondialisation  Ministère Affaires Etrangères  Gouvernement  
Mr. Oumar Konte  Météorologiste  Agence Nationale de l'Aviation et de la Météo  Ministère du Tourisme et des Transports Aériens  
Mr. Ndiaga Diouf  Météorologiste  ANACIM  Ministère des Transports aériens  
Ms. Virginie Diop  Météorologiste  ANACIM  Ministère des Transports aériens  
Ms. Adji Awa Toure  Météorologiste  ANACIM  Ministère des Transports aériens  
Mr. Kader Diop  Energéticien  ANER  Agence Nationale pour les Energies Renouvelables  
Mr. Saer Diop  Directeur General  Ministère energie  Gouvernement  
Mr. Alla Diouck  Chef de Bureau QSE  Direction des Routes  Ministère des Infrastructures, des Transports Terrestres et du Désenclavement  
Senegal (continued) 
Mme Mame Coumba Ndiaye  Directrice des Etudes et de la Planification  Ministère de l'Energie et du Développement des Energies Renouvelables  Agence pour l'Economie et la Maitrise de l'Energie  
Mr. Amel Thierno Kane  Chargé de Programme  Direction de l'Environnement et des Etablissements Classes  
Mr. Boucar Ndiaye  Directeur  Direction de la Planification et de la Veille Environnementale  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Ms. Ndeye rokhaya Sall  Assistant financiere  Directorate of Environment  Government  
Mr. Dethie Soumare Ndiaye  Chargée de Programme  Global Centre on Adaptation  Intergouvernemental  
Mr. Ousseynou Ka  chargé de programme  conseil national de concertation des ruraux  organisation non gouvernemental  
Mme Fatou Ndoye  Chargée de Programme  ONG  Enda Graf Sahel  
Mr. Natacha Dionne  Assistant Financier  Direction Environment  Gouvernement  
Mr. Abdoulaye Thimbo  Maire de Pikine  Collectivité locale  Société Civile  
Mr. Mamadou Beye  chef division administrative et financière  §direcetion de l'environnement et des établissements classés  Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Development  
Mr. Djibrilou Ba  Vice-Président  Secteur Privé UPIC  UPIC  
Mr. Daouda Diouf  Expert Environnementaliste  Secteur Privé  UPIC  
Ms. Khady Kane  chef de gestion information  Elevage  Government  
Mr. Sidy bouya Ndiaye  directeur  Energies renouvelables  Government  
Mr. Diaminatou Sanogo  Directeur  Centre Recherche Forestière  ISRA  
Mr. Ndiaga Fall  Conseiller Technique  Ville de Pikine  Municipalités  
Mr. Yakhya Ben Abdallah Badiane  Environnementaliste  Ministère du Pétrole et des Energies  Direction des Hydrocarbures  
Mr. Mamadou Barry  Directeur Exécutif Action Solidaire Internationale  Action solidaire internationale  Société Civile  
Mr. Babacar Mbaye  chargé de programme  Action solidaire  Société Civile  
Mr. Baba BA  Secrétaire Permanent CONACILLS  MEDDTE  CONACILLS  
Mr. Abdoulaye Faye  Chargé de Programme  Centre d'Etudes et de Formation Environnementale  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Mr. Boubacar Fall  Professeur  Géologie  Université  
Mr. Mamadou Sambou  Coordonnateur du Peracod  Ministère de l'Energie et du Pétrole  Gouvernement  
Mr. Yero Sarr  Chargé de Programme  JVE  Societe Civile  
Mr. Yousseph El Ali  directeur  ONG Oceanium  Société Civile  
M. Gabriel Pierre Ndiaye  coordonnateur projet  gouvernement  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  
Ms. Fatma Niang  chargé de programme atténuation  Ministère Environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Ibrahima Sy  chargé de programme  Centre de suivi ecologique  Privé  
Ms. Sokhna die Ka  coordonnatrice regional  natural justice  Société Civile  
Mr. Mamadou ndong Toure  chargé de programme  Conseiller technique  Collectivité locale  
Mr. Mohamed Al amine Athie  Premier Conseiller  Ministére des Affaires étrangères  Ambassade du Sénégal au Caire  
Mr. Thierno Birahim Aw  Directeur Général  Ministére des transport  CETUD  
H.E. Mr. Licka Ba  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Oumar Ba  Vice Président  Conseil Economique Social et Environnemental  
Mr. Moussa Ba  Caméraman  Radiotélévision Sénégalaise  
Mr. Assane Badiane  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Senegal (continued) 
Mr. Mamadou Badji  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Mamadou Belem  chargé de mission  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Youssouph Bodian  Journaliste  Radio futurs médias  
Mr. Lamine Cisse  chargé de programme  African Climate Foundation  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Ms. Mami thioro diouf Diagne  Charge de Projets  ANACIM  Gouvernement  
Mr. Serigne Diagne  Interprete  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Malick Diagne  directeur  Georiskafric  Secteur Privé  
Mr. Djiby Diagne  Directeur Général adjoint  Bureau opérationnel de suivi du PSE  
Mme Fatou Diagne Ep Diop  Responsable Cellule COM  Ministère des transports  CETUD  
Mr. Barthelemy Dias  maire  ville de dakar  Collectivité locale  
Mr. Idrissa Diatta  Responsable du Systeme d'Information  SONAGED  Gouvernement  
Mr. Mohamed CH B Cisse Diatta  Coordinateur du Pôle Scientifique  Secrétariat exécutif du 9e Forum mondial de l’eau  
Mr. David Diatta  Maire  Commune de Kaffountine  
Mme Adja Adama Diaw  Experte SIG  Direction de l'Environnement et des Etablissements Classés  
Mr. Abdou Diaw  chargé de programme  Bureau de suivi opérationnel de suivi du PSE  
Mme Ndeye Maguette Dieng  Assistante du DC  Université Cheikh Anta Diop de Dakar  
Mme Khady Dieye  Député  Assemblée Nationale  
Ms. Caroline Dihlprolo  Economiste  IIED  Conservacao Internacional do Brasil  
Mr. Papa Matar Diop  chargé de mission  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Ndiame Diop  Directeur Exploitation  OFOR  Secteur Privé  
Mme Yaye Cathérine Diop  Conseillère technique  Ministère du Pétrole et des Energies  
Mr. Babacar Diop  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  Consulat du Sénégal à New York  
Mr. Moustapha Diop  Expert à la Direction Générale de la construction  Ministre de l'Urbanisme, du Logement et de l'hygiène publique  Direction Général de la construction  
Mr. Abdou Diop  Enda Energie*  
M. El Hadji Djibril Diop  Consultant  Secteur privé  
Mme Ngoné Diop  Chargée des relations extérieures  Ville de Dakar  
Ms. Sokhna mbaye Diop  Agronome  Ministry of Agriculture  Gouvernement  
Mme Rokhaya Diouf  Député  Assemblée nationale  
Mr. Amadou Matar Diouf  Expert Environnementaliste  ressources en eau  Organisation pour la Mise en Valeur du Fleuve Gambie  
Mr. Bouna Manel Fall  Conseiller technique  
Mr. Mamadou Fall  Eaux et Forêts  Direction des Eaux et Forêts  Ministère de l'Environnement et Développement Durable  
Mme Mame Diarra Fam  Député  Assemblée nationale  
Mr. Jean Charles Faye  Directeur Exécutif  FNDASP  
Mme Leysa Faye  Deuxième Secrétaire  Ministère des Affaires étrangères  Ambassade du Sénégal au Caire  
Mr. Oumar Gningue  Chargé de mission  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Abdoul Aziz Gueye  Entrepreneur  Secteur privé sénégalaise  
Mr. Ibrahima Gueye  Senelec  
Mr. Antou Guèye Samba  Directeur Général ASER  energie  Agence Sénégalaise d'Electrification Rurale  
Mme Ndeye Anna Houma  Assistante DG  MEDDTE  ASERGMV  
Mr. Mohamed Amine Idihya  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Lamine Ka  Directeur Etudes et Planification  OFOR  Secteur Privé  
Senegal (continued) 
Mr. Mamadou Ka  conseiller technique finance  ville de Dakar  Collectivités Locales  
Mr. Abdou Salam Kane  Conseiller Technique  OLAC  Ministère de l'Hydraulique et de l'Assainissement  
Ms. Ouleymatou Kane  assistante  Direction environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Njack Diaguily Harold Bab Kane  Ministère de l'agriculture  
Ms. Khady ndiaye Kebe  chef projet  transport  Gouvernement  
Mr. Mizanur Khan  directeur  université ICCCAD  Societe Civile  
Mr. Mouhamadou Moctar Magassouba  Adjoint au maire en charge de l’environnement, du développement durable et de la gestion du littoral  Ville de Dakar  
Mr. Cheikh Abdou Mbacke  Député  Assemblée nationale  
Ms. Ndeye fatou Mbow  ingenieur  Energie  Societé nationale d'électricité  
Mr. El Hadji Ibrahima Ndiaye  Coordonnateur de Programme  Ville de Dakar  
Mr. Omar Ndiaye  Chargé de Suivi Evaluation  Agriculture  Direction Agriculture  
Mr. Mamadou Ndiaye  Chef de projets financiers  Agence de Développement municipal  
Mr. Babacar Ndiaye  Fonctionnare  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Ibrahima Ndong  Journaliste  Radiotélévision Sénégalaise  
Ms. Ndeye mareme Ndour  directeur  Ong  Société Civile  
Mr. Magueye Ngom  Agent décisionnaire  Ministère des finance et du Budget  
Mr. Mamadou Niang  Conseiller technique  Ministere de l'Environnement  Agence Sénégalaise de la Reforestation et de la Grande Muraille Verte  
Mr. Ahmeth Niang  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. Babacar Sall  Chargé de programme  Ministère de l'Economie du Plan et de la Coopération  
Ms. Fanta Sall  deputé  Assemblée Nationale  
Mr. Ibrahima Sall  Responsable Suivi Evaluation  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement Durable  Agence Nationale Eco Villages  
Mr. El Hadji Malick Seck  Premier Secrétaire  Ministère des Affaires étrangères  Ambassade du Sénégal au Caire  
Ms. Sokhna bousso Sene  Chargée de Programme  SONAGED  Secteur Privé  
Mr. Pierre Sene  juriste  direction environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Magatte Kankou Sene  Caméraman  Ministère de l'Environnement et du Développement durable  
Mr. Barthelemy Sene  Conseiller technique  Ministère du Pétrole et des Energies  
Mr. Robert Philippe Senghor  Fonctionnaire  Présidence de la République  
Mr. El Hadji Mame Youssou Sylla  Conseiller Technique  Ministére des Affaires étrangères et des Sénégalais de l'Extérieur  
Mr. Massylla Sylla  Economiste Planificateur  Présidence de la République  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Lamine Thiaw  Ambassadeur Sénégal Ethiopie  Ministère des Affaires étrangères et des Sénégalais de l'Extérieur  
Mr. Abdourakhmane Traore  Premier conseiller  Ambassade Sénégal à Prétoria  
Mr. Mouhamadou Wane  Conseiller Technique  Ministère de l'Eau  Gouvernement  
Serbia 
H.E. Mr. Aleksandar Vucic  President of the Republic of Serbia  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Ms. Irena Vujovic  Minister of Environmental Protection  Ministry of Environmental Protection of the Republic of Serbia  
Ms. Sandra Dokic  Assistant Minister  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Tatjana Jovic  Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Republic of Serbia  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Ms. Sara Pavkov  Special Advisor/Chief of staff  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Serbia (continued) 
Ms. Suzana Vasiljevic  Media Advisor to the President of the Republic of Serbia  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Ms. Danijela Mihic  Senior Protocol Advisor to the President of the Republic of Serbia  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Mr. Miroslav Sestovic  Ambassador  Embassy of Republic of Serbia in Egypt  
Ms. Tijana Vasilijevic  Advisor and Interpreter in the Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Mr. Dragisa Kostic  Security Officer to the President of the Republic of Serbia  Security  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Mr. Zlatko Cotric  Security Officer to the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic of Serbia  
Mr. Aleksandar Simic  Official Cameraman to the President of the Republic of Serbia  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Mr. Dimitrije Goll-Kevesic  Official Photographer to the President of the Republic of Serbia  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Ms. Gordana Uzelac  Journalist of Pink TV  Pink TV  
Mr. Nemanja Joksimovic  Cameraman of TV Pink  Pink TV  
Ms. Bojana Knezevic  Journalist of RTS  Radio Television of Serbia  
Mr. Andjelko Utjesanovic  Journalist of Tanjug  Tanjug News Agency  
Mr. Djuro Milic  Camera operator of Tanjug  Tanjug News Agency  
Mr. Niksa Malic Katanic  Camera operator of RTS  Radio Television of Serbia  
Ms. Vineta Marinovic  Press Officer in the Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  Press Service to the President of the Republic of Serbia  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Mr. Milan Mihic  Security Officer to the President of the Republic  Presidency of the Republic of Serbia  
Mr. Miodrag Trkulja  Security Officer to the President of the Republic of Serbia  Security  Office of the President of the Republic of Serbia  
Mr. Matej Gasperic  
Ms. Sandra Lazic  Head of Department for Climate Change and Strategic Planning  Department for Strategic Planning  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Mr. Nikola Maravic  Head of Department for International Cooperation  Department for International Cooperation  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Marta Neskovic  Youth representative  Institute for Political Studies  
Mr. Ivan Pokrajac  Embassy of Republic of Serbia in Egypt  
Ms. Dragana Radulovic  National Focal Point  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Ms. Ana Repac  Head of Group  Group for Adaptation  Ministry of Environmental Protection  
Seychelles 
H.E. Mr. Wavel John Charles Ramkalawan  President of the Republics of Seychelles  Office of the President -Statehouse  Office of The President of the Republic of Seychelles  
H.E. Mr. Flavien Philomel Joubert  Minister  Cabinet of Ministers  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Will Michel Agricole  Technical Advisor for Climate Change and Energy, UNFCCC National Focal Point  Climate Change and Energy  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Tony Parker Imaduwa  Chief Executive Officer  Seychelles Energy Commission  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Jeremy Antoine Raguain  Seychelles AOSIS fellow  Climate Change  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Beatriz Marchado Granziera  Consultant  SeyCCAT  Seychelles Climate Change Adaptation Trust  
Ms. Kelley Anne Hamrick  Consultant  SeyCCAT  Seychelles Climate Change Adaptation Trust  
Ms. Alice Soewito  Consultant  SeyCCAT  Seychelles Climate Change Adaptation Trust  
Seychelles (continued) 
Mr. Thomas Henry Alan Hickey  Consultant  SeyCCAT  Seychelles Climate Change Adaptation Trust  
Mr. Simon Andrew Reddy  Consultant  SeyCCAT  Seychelles Climate Change Adaptation Trust  
Ms. Stacy Kavita Baez  Senior Officer, Coastal Wetlands and Coral Reefs  SeyCCAT  Seychelles Climate Change Adaptation Trust  
Ms. Elissa Mary-Anne Lalande  Senior Policy Analyst for Climate Change  Climate Change and Energy  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Justin Paul Prosper  Director General for Climate Change  Climate Change and Energy  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Jonathan Martin Berlouis  Director  Presidential Protocol Affairs  Office of The President of the Republic of Seychelles  
Mr. Marie Henri Benjamin Vel  National Coordinator for TNC  Climate Change and Energy  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Nadine Diahann Jack  Chief Press Secretary  Office of the President -Statehouse  Office of The President of the Republic of Seychelles  
Mr. Kisnan Evans Tamatave  President- Red Cross Society of Seychelles  Red Cross Society of Seychelles  International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies  
Ms. Nathalia Luciana Lawen  Ocean and Climate Youth Ambassador  Climate Change and Energy  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Victoria T. Clementine Alis  Youth Climate Change Consultant  Climate Change and Energy  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Annille Jean-Philippe M. Bristol  Security Officer of the President of the Republic of Seychelles  Office of the President -Statehouse  Office of The President of the Republic of Seychelles  
Ms. Marie-May Catherina Hollanda  Protocol Officer  Foreign Affairs Department  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Tourism  
Mr. Christian Etienne Fleisher  Consultant on Climate Change  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Gabriella S. Christianne Gonthier  Senior Monitoring and Evaluation Officer  Department of Blue Economy  Ministry of Fisheries and The Blue Economy  
Mr. Daniel Etongo Bau  Senior Lecturer and Researcher  Blue Economy Research Institute  University of the Seychelles  
Ms. Angela del Sol Varela Quintero  Founder leaders in the ocean and climate space  Sisu  Peace Boat  
Ms. Marcela Fernandez Barreneche  Founder  Cumbres Blancas  
Mr. James Patrick Ellsmoor  Director  Island Innovation  
Mr. Andrew Gerard Jean-Louis  In country Climate Change Coordinator  Project Development Coordinating Section  Ministry of Agriculture, Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Iman Hanna Neseem Abdelmalek  Journalist  Liaison Protocol Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Tourism  
Sierra Leone 
Mr. Ibrahim Turay  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resources  
H.E. Mr. Sheku Ahmed Fantamadi Bangura  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Finance  
H.E. Mr. Rex Bhonapha  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Transport and Aviation  Government of Sierra Leone  
Mr. Buakai Bindi Hindowa  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Gender and Children's Affiars  
Mr. Foday M. Jaward  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
H.E. Mr. Lusine Kallon  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Youth  
Ms. Rebecca Yei Kamara  Member of Parliament  Parliament Committee on Climate Change  House of Paliament  
H.E. Mr. Abu Bakarr Karim  Minister of Agriculture & Forestry  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Bashiru Koroma  Planning Development Officer  Sierra Leone Tourism Board  
H.E. Mr. Philip Karimu Lansana  Minister  Ministry of Water Resources  
Sierra Leone (continued) 
H.E. Mr. Sadiq Silla  Ambassador  Government of Sierra Leone  Embassy of Sierra Leone, Cairo, Egypt  
Mr. Gabriel Kpaka  Deputy Director General and UNFCCC National Focal Point  Sierra Leone Meteorological Agency  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Baindu Abu  Assistant Secretary  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Mahawa Allieu  Press Attache  Embassy of Ghana  
Ms. Elizabeth Boima Amara  Environmental Analyst  National Early Warning Centre  
Mr. Charles Alfred Anglin  Global Communication Lead  Office of the President  
Mr. Alhaji Mohamed Tejan Bah  Asign. Climate Change Officer  Sierra Leone Meteorological Agency  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Moses T. Baio  Director General  Administrative  Sierra Leone Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Abu Bakarr Bangura  Director of Research, Monitoring and Evaluation  National Disaster Management Agency  
Mr. Edward Pieh Bendu  Ag. Chief Director  Ministry of Lands, Country Planning and the Environment  
Mr. Tamba Sheiku Bundor  Tourism Officer  Ministry of Tourism  
Mr. Sama Ansu Gamanga  Ag Executive Director  Sierra Leone Maritime Administration  
Mr. Alfred Vandy Gborie  Board of Director  Sierra Leone Road Safety Authority  
Mr. Bondi Gevao  Executive Chairman  Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Kevin Francis Godlington  Chairman  Klimatx  
Ms. Ellen Frances Griffiths  Technical Assistant  Proforest  
Ms. Kadijah Hammoud  Business Development Officer  Small and Medium Enterprise Agency  
Mr. Mohamed Jalloh  Executive Director  Youth Alliance Sierra Leone  
Mr. Asmaa Angela James  Station Manager  Radio Democracy  
Mr. Alfred T Jondie  Assistant Director  Environmental protection Agency  
Ms. Lovetta Yatta Juanah  Assistant Director  Environment Protection Agency  
Mr. Mohamed Bockarie Kallon  Information Attaché  Embassy of Sierra Leone in Cairo, Egypt  Sierra Leone Government  
Mr. Ahmed Kallon  Air Navigation Services Meteorological Officer  Sierra Leone Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Ibrahim Kamara  Deputy Director  Ministry of Gender and Children's Affairs  
Mr. Amos Diggay Kamara  Assistant Director  Forestry Department  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Andree Saffie Kamara  Budget Officer  Ministry of Environement  
Mr. Ibrahim Sinneh Kamara  Director General  Administrative Head  Sierra Leone Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Success Ibrahim Sei Kamara  Public Relation Officer  Public relation and Education Department  Sierra Leone Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Mohamed Kehmorkai Kamara  Managing Director  Goldtree Sierra Leone  
Mr. Alex Kandeh  Planning and Development Officer  National Tourism Board  
Mr. Amara Salami Kanu  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Department  Sierra Leone Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Samuel Alie Kargbo  Counsellor / Head of Chancery  Embassy of Sierra Leone in Cairo, Egypt  Sierra Leone Government  
Mr. Morie Bassie Karteh  Director of Finance  National Disaster Management Agency  
Mr. Lahai Samba Keita  Ag. Director  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Naveeda Khan  Researcher  Loss and Damage Initiative  
Mr. Moinina Koroma  Founder  Green Leone  
Mr. Mambu Koroma  Finance Officer  Climate Change Department  Sierra Leone Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Donald Kouame  Scientific officer  United Nation Office for West Africa and Sahel  
Mr. Aiah Hindolo Kpakiwa  Special Assistant to the Vice President  Office of the Vice President  
Sierra Leone (continued) 
Mr. Yusuf Mackery  Parliamentarian  Environment Commiittee  House of Paliament  
Mr. Alhassan Allie Mansaray  Assistant Director  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Sellu McCarthy  Assistant Director  Finance  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Alison Frances Merifield  Director  Proforest  
Ms. Junia Marie Moraes  Travel and Event coordinator  Proforest  
Mr. Joseph Ranto Musa  Executive Director  National Protected Area Authority  
Mr. Emmanuel Tamba Nyaka  Deputy Director  Environment Protection Agency-Sierra Leone  
Mr. Peter Rogers  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Department  Sierra Leone Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Munda Samuels  Technical Assistant  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Sharka Samuel Sannoh  Chief Executive Officer  Administration and Operations  Small and Medium Enterprises Development Agency  
Mr. Sheku Sei  Assistant Director  Ministry of Fishries and Marine Resources  
Mr. Smart Kelson Senesie  Executive Director  Sierra Leone Road Safety Authority  
Mr. Duramani Kempes Sesay  Environmental Manager  Sierra Leone Maritime Administration  
Ms. Fatmata Bakarr Sesay  Manager  Information Education and Communication  Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Haja Kaday Sesay  Executive Director  CEFCON Sierra Leone  
Mr. Edward Momodu Sesay  Programme Manager  Conservation Society of Sierra Leone  
Mr. Musa Shiaka  Performance Tracking Manager  Ministry of Water Rsources  
Mr. Ansumana Lynton Mischeck Swarray  Environmental and Social Performance Specialist  Sierra Leone Compact Development Unit  
Mr. Ismail Amin Tarawalie  Administration Officer & Translator  Embassy of Sierra Leone in Cairo, Egypt  Sierra Leone Government  
Mr. Saramadie Thorlu-Bangura  Assistant Executive Engineer  Hydrology Department  Ministry of Water Resources  
Mr. Allie Turaykeh  Special Envoy for Trade & Investment  Office of the President  
Mr. Mohammed Yousef  CEO  Orientation.Event  
Ms. Soha Khodor Zamzam  Manager / Secretary - Office of the Ambassador  Embassy of Sierra Leone in Cairo, Egypt  Sierra Leone Government  
Singapore 
Ms. Grace Fu  Minister for Sustainability and the Environment  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Mr. Ambat Ravi Shankar Menon  Managing Director  Monetary Authority of Singapore  
Ms. Cindy Seow Chyng Khoo  Deputy Secretary  Strategy Group  Prime Minister Group  
Mr. Choon Heng Joseph Teo  Singapore Chief Negotiator for Climate Change  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Mr. Sin Liang Cheah  Lead Coordinator for Climate Negotiations  International Policy, National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Hassan Bin Ibrahim  Deputy Director  International Biodiversity Conservation  National Parks Board  
Ms. Phyllis Kai Ling Brown  Executive  Energy and Climate Policy Division  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Mr. Foo Cexiang  Director  Futures and Transformation  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Kang Xiong Chee  Senior Assistant Director  Communications and 3P Partnership Division  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Mr. Benedict Chia  Director General for Climate Change  National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Hui Ling Winnie Chia  Senior Engineer  National Environment Agency  
Mr. Yee Lim Chong  Senior Assistant Director  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Singapore (continued) 
Mr. Darryl Zhen Chuan Chua  Senior Assistant Director  Economic Research  National Climate Change Secretariat, Strategy Group Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Wee Wei Fam  Director  Industry Division, Climate Change and Sustainability - International  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Qui Jun Fu  State Counsel  International Affairs Division  Attorney-General's Chambers  
Mr. Rui Yun Gan  Senior Manager  Economic Research, National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Goh Gek Choo  Executive Director  Banking Department II  Monetary Authority of Singapore  
Mr. Kian Swee Dominic Goh  Ambassador of the Republic of Singapore to the Arab Republic of Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Peter Govindasamy  Senior Director & Dean  Climate Change International Team / MTI Academy  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Hannah Ee Ling Haw  Desk Officer  Climate Change and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jian Wei Heng  Director for Policy and Planning  National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Shi Cherin Hoon  Deputy Director  International Relations  Singapore Food Agency  
Mr. Logaventhan Karuppannan  Deputy Director  Climate Change and Sustainable Development, International Organisations Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sujja (Mrs Sujja Menon) Kishan  
Ms. Yueying Lee  Manager  Urban Food Solutions  Singapore Food Agency  
Mr. Wei Yang Lee  Director  Sustainability Office  Monetary Authority of Singapore  
Ms. Hwee Hua Dorothy Lee  Deputy Director  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Mr. Hui Ting Liow  Personal Security Officer  
Mr. Chee Heong Loh  Deputy Director-General  International Organisations Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Wen Lin Loy  Senior Assistant Director  Industry Division (Climate Change & Sustainability)  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Gui Ping Nicole Rose Mah  Assistant Manager  Strategic Planning  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Rueban Manokara  Assistant Director  International Policy  National Climate Change Secretariat  
Mr. Yi Jun Mock  
Ms. Geok Yen Ong  Police Security Officer  
Mr. Si Liang Puar  Senior Assistant Director  Industry Division  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Mr. Yong An Jasper Quek  Assistant Director  Climate Change Negotiation Office  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Mr. Vinod Ashvin Ravi  Assistant Director  Climate Change and Sustainable Development, International Organisations Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Zheng Saw  Executive Engineer  
Ms. Theresa Seetoh  Deputy Director  Climate Change Negotiation Office  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Mr. Arun Vignesh Selvaraju  First Secretary  Political  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Wei Ren Alson Soh  Assistant Director  Climate Change and Sustainability  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Shakera Stationwala  Press Secretary to Minister(SE)  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Ms. Ester Jun-Yu Suen  Manager  International Biodiversity Conservation  National Parks Board  
Ms. Diane Tan  Deputy Director-General (Security)  International Affairs Division  Attorney-General's Chambers  
Ms. Li Min Ann Tan  Assistant Director  Sustainability Office  Monetary Authority of Singapore  
Ms. Hui Min Esther Tan  Senior Manager and Operations Lead  Corporate Planning and Organisation Development/Operations Lead (COP27 Pavilion)  Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Gillian Koh Tan  Assistant Managing Director  Monetary Authority of Singapore  
Singapore (continued) 
Ms. Zhi Hui Tang  Director  Climate Change & Sustainability  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Jia Xin Lydia Tang  Assistant Director  Climate Change & Sustainability  Ministry of Trade and Industry  
Ms. Charissa Jiali Tang  Assistant Director  Strategic Issues, National Climate Change Secretariat  Strategy Group, Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Ho Venetia  Personal Security Officer  Singapore Police Officer  Singapore Police Force  
Ms. An' An Denise Yam  Deputy Director  Sustainability, Futures and Transformation Divison  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Ong Heng Yap  Senior Advisor  Climate Change  Ministry of Transport  
Ms. Pang Yen Siang  Associate  Economic Programmes 2  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Weijie Zhang  Director  Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment  
Slovakia 
H.E. Ms. Zuzana Caputova  President of the Slovak Republic  
H.E. Ms. Lenka Mihalikova  Ambassador  Embassy of the Slovak Republic in Cairo  Ministry of the Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Ingrid Brockova  State Secretary  Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs  
Mr. Michal Kica  State Secretary  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Milan Zvara  Director General  Directorate for Climate Change and Air Protection  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Jozef Skultety  Director  Department of Climate Change Policy  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Peter Hulenyi  Director of the UN Department  UN Department  Ministry of the Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Michal Novota  Advisor of the President on Internal Politics  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Jana Valasek Kobzova  Foreign Policy Advisor  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Norbert Kurilla  Advisor of the President on the Environment, Energy, Climate Change and the Business Environment  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Vladimir Bartovic  Director  Political Department  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Roman Roth  Director  Protocol Department  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Petra Stolarikova  Director  Secretariat of the President  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Viktoria Pokorna  Principal State Advisor  Climate Change Policy Department  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Simon Lacena  Principal State Advisor  Climate Change Mitigation Policy Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Martin Strizinec  Spokesperson  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Lucia Marcisiakova  Officer  Political Department  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Lucia Novosadova  Officer  Protocol Department  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Lukas Laczko  Officer  Communication Department  Office of the President of the Slovak Republic  
Mr. Matej Dostal  1st Secretary  Embassy of the Slovak Republic in Cairo  Ministry of the Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic  
Ms. Janka Szemesova  Head of Department  Department of Emissions and Biofuels  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Ms. Lenka Zetochova  Expert  Department of Emissions and Biofuels  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Mr. Jan Horvath  Expert  Department of Emissions and Biofuels  Slovak Hydrometeorological Institute  
Slovakia (continued) 
Mr. Theodor Christofi  Youth Delegate  
Mr. Michal Salini  UN Youth Delegate  
Ms. Daniela Godova  Principal State Advisor  Protocol Department  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Samuel Kleman  Advisor  Office of the State Secretary  Ministry of Environment  
Slovenia 
H.E. Mr. Uroš Brežan  Minister  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning  
Ms. Tina Kobilšek  Lead negotiator for Climate Change, Head of Climate Change Section  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning of the Republic of Slovenia  
Mr. Uroš Vajgl  State Secretary  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning  
Ms. Alja Brglez  Head of the Cabinet of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  Cabinet of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  
H.E. Mr. Sašo Podlesnik  Ambassador of the Republic of Slovenia in Cairo  Embassy of the Republic of Slovenia in Cairo  
Ms. Eva Tomic  Climate Envoy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Smiljana Knez  Adviser to the President of the Republic of Slovenia on Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Spela Vovk  Adviser to the President on Communication and Public Relations  Cabinet of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  
Ms. Maja Kostanjšek  Head of the Minister's Office  Minister's Office  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning  
Ms. Katja Piškur  Head of the Department for EU and International Affairs  Department for EU and International Affairs  Ministry of Environment and Spatial Planning  
Ms. Tina Hocevar  Secretary  Minister's Office  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning  
Ms. Barbara Simonic  Undersecretary  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning  
Mr. Aleš Bizjak  International Water Cooperation Specialist  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning  
Mr. Luka Vombek  Advisor  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning  
Ms. Ana Klemen  Advisor  Ministry of the Environment and Spatial Planning of the Republic of Slovenia  
Mr. Boštjan Petelinc  Secretary  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Food  
Ms. Jerneja Forštner  Minister Counsellor  Department for Global Challenges  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Tadej Bojnec  Counsellor  Embassy of the Republic of Slovenia in Cairo  
Mr. Klemen Horvat  Protocol Adviser of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  
Mr. Drago Jerebic  Security Inspector of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  
Mr. Bostjan Ucakar  Security Officer of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  
Mr. Marjan Skarlovnik  Security Officer of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  Cabinet of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  
Mr. Matjaz Klemenc  Official Photographer & Cameraman of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  Cabinet of the President of the Republic of Slovenia  
Solomon Islands 
H.E. Mr. Dickson Panakitasi Mua  Minister  Ministry of Forestry and Research  
Mr. Rexon Annex Ramofafia  Minister  Ministry of National Planning and Development Coordination  
Ms. Tanya Sauroko Afu  Pacific Islands Students Fighting Climate Change  
Mr. Sammy Dan Warihiru Airahui  Project Coordinator  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Ms. Leah Maesiu Aota  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Mr. Barnabas Zeron Bago  National Programs Coordinator  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Ms. Zina Bird  University of the South Pacific  
Ms. Jennifer Tauli Corpuz  Nia Tero Foundation  
Ms. Lauren Ann Guzauskas  Nia Tero Foundation  
Solomon Islands (continued) 
Ms. Melissa Horokou  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Ms. Cynthia Rosah Bareagihaka Hou  Pacific Islands Students Fighting Climate Change  
Ms. Fiona Indu  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and External Trade  
Mr. Chanel Iroi  Deputy Secretary Technical  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Mr. Tony Junior Kabasi  Office of Prime Minister and Cabinet  
Mr. Karl Ogu Kuper  
Ms. Shylina Ilse Lingaard  Nia Tero Foundation  
Mr. Melchior Mataki  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Ms. Margarita Paulina Mora Teran  Nia Tero Foundation  
Mr. Reeves Micah Moveni  Commissioner of Forests  Ministry of Forestry and Livestock  
Ms. Valeree Morron Nolasco  Nia Tero Foundation  
Ms. Mary Tahu Paia  Lecturer  Solomon Islands National University  
Mr. Fred Siho Patison  Climate Finance Readiness Advisor  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Edgar John Maeniuta Pollard  Nia Tero Foundation  
Ms. Florence Claire Pupuka  Ministry of Forestry and Research  
Mr. Rodrick Holness Rollands  Pacific Islands Students Fighting Climate Change  
Mr. Paul Damien Roughan  Nia Tero Foundation  
Mr. Thaddeus Atkin Siota  Acting Director Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Mr. Exsley Taloiburi  Organization of African, Caribbean and Pacific States  
Ms. Rehanna Chandrika Shinnell Thomas  Nia Tero Foundation  
Mr. Terence Titiulu  Deputy Commissioner  Ministry of Forests and Research  
Mr. Henry Casper Tufah  Acting Deputy Director Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Climate Change, Disaster Management and Meteorology  
Ms. Linda Flora Vaike  University of the South Pacific  
Mr. Vaeno Wayne Vigulu  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Forests and Research  
Ms. Ivana Karin Vincke  Nia Tero Foundation  
Ms. Lysa Orodo Wini  Nia Tero Foundation  
Mr. Solomon Hong Yeo  Pacific Islands Students Fighting Climate Change  
Somalia 
H.E. Mr. Hassan Sheikh Mohamud  President  Villa Somalia  Federal Government of Somalia  
H.E. Ms. Khadija Almakhzoumi  Minister  Environment and climate change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Abshir Omar Jama  Minister  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
H.E. Mr. Elmi Mohamud Nur  Minister for Ministry of Finance  Finance  Somali Government-Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Ahmed Mathobe Nunow  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Irrigation  
H.E. Mr. Hassan Hussein Mohamed  Minister  Ministry of Livestock Forestry and Range  
Mr. Abshir Mohamed Ahemd  Minister of state  Villa Somalia  
Mr. Salah Ahmed Jama  Deputy Prime Minister  OPM  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Ahmed Yusuf Ahmed  Director General  Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Ibrahim Ali Yahye  Advisor  Environment  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Ilyas Sheikh Omar  Ambassador  Foreign affairs  Embassy of Somalia Egypt  
Mr. Abdulkani Barrow  
Ms. Hamdi Abdi Isse  Special Secretary to the Minister  Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Hinda Ahmed Ali  Chief Protocol  Villa Somalia  Federal Government of Somalia  
Mr. Mohamed Nur Gele  Advisor  Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Somalia (continued) 
Mr. Abdifitah M Hared  Director  Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Badal Ahmed Hassan  
Mr. Mohamood Ahmed Eerkolo  Advisor  Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Stefano Pontecorvo  Advisor  Environment and climate change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Guled Mohamed Arab  Project Manager  Environment and climate change  Ministry of Environemnt Energy and Climate Change  
Ms. Muna Abdullahi Mohamed  Assistant  Environment and climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Ahmed keise Gure  Third Secretery  foreign affairs  Embassy of Somalia  
Ms. Mushtaaq Dahir Hassan  Manager  foreign affairs  Embassy of Somalia Egypt  
Mr. Abdisamad H Ahmed H Derea  Director  Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Abbas Shoble Mohamed  Clerk  environment  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Nasra Ali Mohamud  Officer  Climate change  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Abass Kasim Shiekh  Representative  Climate Change  Berghof Foundation  
Mr. Mohamed Mohamud  Policy Advisor  Environmen  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Abdirashid Ateye  Environment Expert  Office of Environment  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Dahir Mohamud Gelle  President Special Advisor  Somali Government-Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Mohmaed Amin Shiekh Osman  Chief of Presidency Staff  Somali Presidental Security  
Mr. Hussien Shiekh Mohamud  Chief of Staff  Somali Presidental Security  
Mr. Mustafa Adam Dagal  Director of Arab Affair Department  Somali Government-Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Habibo Mohamed Hassan  Environmental Officer  Environment  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Abdirizak Mohamed Mohamud  Personal Assistant  Somali Presidental crew  
Mr. Abdirahman Mohamud Ali Isse  Consultant at Embassy of Federal Republic of Somalia in Cairo  Somali Government-Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Yahye Mohamed Ahmed  Videographer  Somali Presidental Media  
Mr. Ali Abdiaziz Duale  Media  Communications  Somali Presidental Media  
Mr. Ahmed Abdiaziz Mohamed  Planning Officer  Planning  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Mohamed Abdillahi Saed  Media Advisor  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Abdulrahman Ibrahim Moalim Gedi  Debt Management Advisor  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Omar Ahmed Mohamed  Communication Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Dr. Mohamed Osman Mohamoud  Regional Representative Middle East – Eastern and Southern Africa  United Nations University for Peace  
Mr. Ahmed Dubow Keinan  Advisor  Ministry of Agriculture and Irrigation  
H.E. Mr. Jama Taqal Abaas  Minister  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Mr. Abdiriszack Mohamed Muhumed  DG  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Mr. Saad Khadar Aden  Advisor  Environment  OPM  
Mr. Ahmed Mohamed Hassan  Director of Hydrometeorology  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Mr. Abdullahi Ahmed Ali  Environmental Specialist  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Ms. Ayaan Abdi Harare  Senior drought management advisor  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Somalia (continued) 
Mr. Mohamed Omar Nur  Director General  Minister of Livestock Forestry and Range  
Ms. Halima Abdi Farah  Reforestation Expert  Minister of Livestock Forestry and Range  
Mr. Abdulkadir Hussein Hassan  Director of Biodiversity  Minister of Livestock Forestry and Range  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Hassan Aden  Minister  Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resources  
Mr. Mohamoud Sh. Abdullahi Abdirahman  Director General  Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resources  
Ms. Muna Mohamed Ismail  Technical Advisor  Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resources  
Mr. Hassan Haji Ibrahim  Advisor of the Minister  Ministry of Fisheries and Marine Resources  
Mr. Zeinulabidin Khalif Sufi  Senior advisor to the minister of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture and Irrigation  
Mr. Abdikafar Elmi Hange  Deputy Minister of Finance  Ministry of Finance of Somalia  
Mr. Mohamed Okash Sugow  Head of Innovations  SIMAD University  
Ms. Kiin Hassan Fakat  Reporter for Bilan Medi  
Mr. Abdullahi Diriye Khalif  Director  Centre of Excellence in Food Security of the University for Peace of the United Nation  
Ms. Yasmin Farah Sheikh Abdulkadir  Engineer  
Ms. Fadumo Ahmed Abdullahi  Climate change Negotiator  IGAD Non government  
Mr. Mohamed Bashir Mohamed  Mohamed Bashir  OPM  
Mr. khalid Ibrahim Farah Gas  Manager  Foreign affairs  Ministry of foreign affairs Federal Government  
Ms. Nadiya Abdurahman Khalif  Assistant  Environment  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Mohamud Ali Mohamed  Media and Pr Support Leader  Environment  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Zahra Ahmed Dahir  Officer  Environment  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Mr. Abdullahi Elmi Mohamed  National Project Coorinator  Planning  Ministry of Planning Investment and Economic Development  
Mr. Mowlid Hassan Abdi  Photographer  Embassy  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Jihan Hassan Sheikh  Advisor  Environment and Climate Change  Villa Somalia  
Ms. Fatima Ismail Mohamed  Communication Officer  Environment  Ministry of Environment and Climate Change  
Ms. Asma Saed Ali  Deputy prime minister's wife  OPM  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Mustafa Abdi Saney  Public Relation  Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of Youth  
Mr. Abdirahman Nour Yusuf  Managing Director  Environment and Climate Change  Ministry of Youth  
South Africa 
H.E. Ms. Barbara D. Creecy  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Fisheries  
H.E. Mr. Mondli Gungubele  Minister in the Presidency  Presidency of South Africa  
H.E. Ms. Grace Naledi Mandisa Pandor  Minister of International Relations & Cooperation  Department of International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Maesela John Kekana  Chief Director International Climate Change Relations and Negotiations  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Mr. Zaheer Fakir  Chief Director  Chief Director: International Governance  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Mr. Simon Andrew Cardy  Director Climate Change  Department of International Relations and Cooperation  
Mr. Tlou Emmanuel Ramaru  Chief Director  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Ms. Nozuko Gloria Bam  Chief Director  International Relations and Cooperation  
Mr. David William Bryant  
Mr. Rudi Howard Dicks  Head of the Project Management Office  Private Office of the President - South Africa  
Ms. Zaida Dinaully  
South Africa (continued) 
Ms. Pumza Penelope Dubula  Department of Water and Sanitation  
Mr. Cedric Thomas Frolick  Member of Parliament  Parliament of South Africa  
Ms. Nqabisa Gantsho  
Ms. Pemy Nosibusiso Gasela  Director  Director: UNFCCC  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Mr. Itchell Sandy Guiney  Deputy Director  Deputy Director: Mitigation  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Mr. Mandla Harold Hoyana  
Mr. Koti Happy Khambule  Political Advisor  Business Unity South Africa  
Ms. Bopang Phatsimo Khutsoane  Deputy Director  Department of Transport  
Ms. Seneo Madikiza  Assistant Director  Department of Agriculture  
Ms. Nomonde Magagula  Office Administrator  Department of Environmental Affairs  
Ms. Gcobisa Magazi  
Mr. Vincent Mthokozisi Magwenya  Spokesperson  Presidency of South Africa  
Mr. Ashwin Maharaj  Counsellor Political  Department of International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Thembekile Richard Majola  
Ms. Thembisile Cheryl Majola  Director General  International Relations and Cooperation  
Ms. Pulane Manale  Director  Climate Change  Department of Transport  
Ms. Galerekwe Mase Manopole  
Mr. Andrew Marquard  Professor  Energy Systems Research Group  University of Cape Town  
Ms. Rirhandzu Sharon Mashava  Deputy Director General: Integrated Transport Planning  Department of Transport  
Mr. Rhulani Given Mashila  Director  Department of International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Joseph Ntshikiwane Mashimbye  South African Ambassador to Egypt  Department of International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Solomon Kamela Matlho  Close Protector  Presidency of South AFrica  
Mr. Sibusiso Mazomba  Student  Youth  
Ms. Simphiwe Gcwele Nomvula Mbatha  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Thifhulufheli Peter Mbelengwa  Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Mr. Malibongwe Patrick Mcakuvana  Counsellor Political  Department of International Relations & Cooperation  
Ms. Thembeka Vuyisile Buyisile Mchunu  
Mr. Mvuyo Mhangwane  Deputy Director, Climate Change  Department of International Relations and Cooperation  
Ms. Kgaugelo Hellen Mkumbeni  
Ms. Tebogo Constance Modise  
Mr. Pogiso Matsapole Phillip Modise  Member of Parliament  
Ms. Bethsia Rebone Mooke  Office Administrator, International Climate Change  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Ms. Tlhomamiso Kopano Mmamoraba Moraka  
Ms. Kenetswe Norah Mosenogi  
Mr. Moshoeshoe Andries Mothapo  Director  Presidency of South AFrica  
Mr. Matiga Isaiah Motsepe  Deputy Director  Department of Agriculture, Land Reform and Rural Development  
Ms. Sandra Boitumelo Motshwanedi  Deputy Director of Climate Change Monitoring and Evaluation  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Mr. Dumisani Mthembu  Senior Specialist: Multilateral Environmental Agreements  Department of Science and Technology  
Mr. Phillip Pengu Mtsweni  Department of Trade, Industry and Competition  
Ms. Funanani Muremi  Deputy Director of International Climate Change  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Mr. Takalani Erican Murulana  Deputy Director, Global Multilateral  Department of Water Affairs  
Mr. Lunga Ngqengelele  Deputy Director  Deaprtment of International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Bongani Nquba  
Mr. Madala Louis David Ntombela  Member of Parliament  
Mr. Archibold Jomo Nyambi  Member of Parliament  South African National Parliament  
Mr. Mogamad Nazier Paulsen  
Mr. Jacobus Schoeman  Director  Department of International Relations and Cooperation  
South Africa (continued) 
Mr. Feroze Shaik  Chief of Staff  Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Mr. Richard Sherman  Analyst  SouthSouthNorth  
Ms. Monica Pheliswa Sigcu  Director  Department of International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Sanjay Manu Singh  Director: Media  International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Christiaan Frederik Beyers Smit  
Mr. Mkhuthazi Steleki  Director Climate Change Development and International Mechanisms  Department of Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment  
Ms. Debra-Lee Swanepoel  
Ms. Ernesta Swanepoel  International Environmental Law Specialist  Independent Consultant  
Ms. Dinah Pheladi Thalakgale  Foreign Service Officer  Department of International Relations and Cooperation  
Mr. Frederick Fulufhelo Themeli  First Secretary  Department of International Relations & Cooperation  
Mr. Harald Ernst Winkler  Energy Systems Research Group  University of Cape Town  
Mr. Sihle Zikalala  
South Sudan 
H.E. Ms. Josephine Napwon Cosmos Ngoya  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
H.E. Ms. Angelina Jany Thomas Teny  Minister  Ministry of Defence and Veterans' Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Josephine Lagu Yangu  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Mr. Payai Manyok John  Director for Climate Change and UNFCCC National Focal Point for South Sudan  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Kot Bol Nyuar  Undersecretary  Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management  
Ms. Esther Ikere Eluzai Ladu  Undersecretary  Ministry of Gender, Child and Social WelfareMinistry of Gender and Social welfare  
Mr. John Ogoto Kanisio Okeleng Lefuk  Undersecretary  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Mr. John Maciek Acuoth Achol  2nd Deputy Governor  Bank of South Sudan  
Mr. Lutana Musa Lasu  Director General  Climate Change and Meteorology  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. David Batali Oliver Samson  Director General  Directorate of Planning and Sustainable Development  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Banak Joshua Dei Wal  Director General of Disaster Management  Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management  
Ms. Betty Kitta Scopas Dumo  Director General of Early Warning Systems  Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management  
Ms. Dorina Keji Zachariah Gubek  Acting Director for Environmental education  Environmental information and education  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Wani Nelson Amos Mogga  GHG Desk Officer  Climate Change and Meteorology  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Richard Okerruk Oregge Orumai  Senior Inspector  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Mabior Atem Ayiik Mabior  A/Inspector for Renewable Energy  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Joseph Dhuor Makuei Nyariel  President of South Sudan Red Cross  
Mr. Akot Arthur Akuien Chol  Executive Assistant Director  Bank of South Sudan  
Ms. Agnes Nawi Eremino Naguma  Private Secretary  Office of the Minister  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Chance Baniko Simon Oudu  Senior Officer Communication and Public Relation  Bank of South Sudan  
Mr. Daniel Maker Riak Kir  Team Leader  Stabilization, Recovery and Resilience  United Nations Development Programme  
Ms. Deu Marol Juach Loy  Inspector  Ministry of Environment and Forestry  
Mr. Akuey Lawrence Lual Akuey  Coordinator  
Mr. Donas Kumborani Elia Dazangapai  Coordinator  Afrika Youth Caravan  
South Sudan (continued) 
Mr. Abuoi Arok Deng Achuoth  Director Defence Health Services & National Expert on Security Sector Reform  Defence Health Services  Ministry of Defence and Veterans' Affairs  
Mr. Adiang Acuil Acuil  Director for Public Relations and Protocol  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Mr. Pierre Atilio-Ekwa  Director General  DoE  Ministry of Defence and Veterans' Affairs  
Mr. Asaad Badfing John Awak  Protocol  Ministry of Defence and Veterans' Affairs  
Ms. Nyawaraga Deng Galuak  Personal Assistant  Office of the Minister  Ministry of Defence and Veterans' Affairs  
Mr. Stephen Warikozi Zakaria Kape  Director  Research and Planning  Ministry of Interior  
Ms. Umjuma Abdulrahman Sule Lado  Private Secretary  Office of the Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Nyang Thiciot Dak Liep  Director  Administration and Finance  Ministry of Interior  
Ms. Mary Benjamin Loki  Director  Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security  
Mr. Wani Francis Lasu Noah  Police Officer  Immigration, passports and Nationality  Ministry of Interior  
Mr. George Louis Tokporo Tadu  Agricultural Scientist  Ministry of Agriculture and Food security, RSS/Juba  
Spain 
S.E. Sr. Pedro Sánchez Pérez-Castejón  Presidente del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
S.E. Sra. Teresa Ribera Rodríguez  Vicepresidenta Tercera del Gobierno y Ministra  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Alvaro Iranzo Gutiérrez  Embajador de España en la República árabe de Egipto  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, UE y Cooperación  Embajada de España en El Cairo  
Sra. Sara Aagesen Muñoz  Secretaria de Estado  Secretaría de Estado de Energía  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Valvanera Ulargui Aparicio  Directora General  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Teresa Solana Méndez de Vigo  Vocal Asesora, Coordinadora de la División Internacional  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Lilith Verstrynge  Secretaria de Estado  Secretaría de Estado para la Agenda 2030  Ministerio de Derechos Sociales y Agenda 2030  
Sr. Manuel De la Rocha Vázquez  Secretario General  Departamento de Asuntos Económicos y G20  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Emma María Aparici Vázquez de Parga  Directora General  Departamento de Asuntos Exteriores  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. María del Pilar Sánchez-Bella de Solís  Vocal asesora  Departamento de Asuntos Exteriores  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Vega Solana Giménez  Vocal Asesora  Departamento Asuntos Exteriores  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Elena Pita Domínguez  Directora  Fundación Biodiversidad  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Gabriel Castañares Hernández  Director General  Dirección General de Políticas Palanca para el cumplimiento de la agenda 2030  Ministerio de Derechos Sociales y Agenda 2030  
Sr. Jorge Mijangos Blanco  Director General  Departamento de Protocolo  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Antón Leis García  Director  AECID  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sra. María del Carmen Pérez Pérez  Directora General de Información Internacional  Secretaría de Estado de Comunicación  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Cristina Linaje Hervás  Directora de Gabinete de la Secretaria de Estado  Secretaría de Estado para la Agenda 2030  Ministerio de Derechos Sociales y Agenda 2030  
Sra. Maider Makua García  Directora de Gabinete técnico  AECID  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Eduardo Soriano Izquierdo  Consejero económico y comercial  Embajada de España en El Cairo  
Spain (continued) 
Sr. Jose Sanchez-Crespo Madrazo  Consejero de Información  Embajada de España en El Cairo  
Sra. Ana María Manzano Peral  Asesora  Gabinete Presidencia del Gobierno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Borja Salvador Sastre Mata  Asesor de asuntos internacionales y Unión Europea  Gabinete de la VP3 y Ministra para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Isabel Kreisler Moreno  Asesora  Gabinete de la Vicepresidenta Tercera del Gobierno y Ministra  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Iolanda Mármol Lorenzo  Directora de Comunicación  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Gonzalo Sans Sánchez  Primer Secretario  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, UE y Cooperación  Embajada de España en El Cairo  
Sr. Gaizka Malo Elcoro-Iribe  Vocal asesor  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Ana Belén Sánchez López  Asesora  Instituto para la transición justa  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Juan Pedro García Manzano  Vocal Asesor  Departamento de Información Internacional  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Marta Herrero Maestro  Vocal asesora  Secretaría de Estado de Comunicación  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Rodrigo De la Viña Muhlack  Vocal asesor  Departamento de Protocolo  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Vera Estefanía González  Consejera Técnica  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Cristina García Díaz  Consejera Técnica  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Francisco Jorge Heras Hernández  Consejero Técnico  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Ana Pintó Fernández  Consejera Técnica  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Nuria Sanz Alonso  Consejera Técnica  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Urko Díez Webster  Jefe de área de mercados de carbono  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Marta Mulas Alcántara  Vocal asesora  Subdirección General de Instituciones financieras multilaterales  Ministerio de Asuntos Económicos y Transformación Digital  
Sra. Beatriz Hervella Nogueira  Portavoz de AEMET  Agencia Estatal de Meteorología (AEMET)  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Jose Luis Camacho Ruiz  Vocal asesor  AEMET (Agencia Estatal de Meteorología)  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Fernando Belda Esplugues  Vocal asesor  AEMET. Agencia Estatal de Meteorología  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Andrés De Zulueta De la Riva  Consejero Técnico Departamento de Cooperación con Centroamérica, México y el Caribe  Agencia Española de Cooperación Internacional para el Desarrollo  
Sr. Sergio Fernández Ramos  Coordinador del área de Comunicación  Fundación Biodiversidad  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Blanca Rosa Bonilla Luján  Jefa de área de economía y empleo verde  Fundación Biodiversidad  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Eva María Amarilla Mena  Jefa de área de comunicación  Fundación Biodiversidad  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Ana Lancho Lucini  Jefa de área de proyectos y convocatorias propias  Fundación Biodiversidad  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Julián Martínez Bejarano  Consejero técnico  Instituto para la transición justa  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Jesús Abraham Bartolomé Lasa  Jefe de Servicio  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Spain (continued) 
Sra. Susana Castro-Acuña Baixauli  Jefa de Servicio  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. Mónica Sánchez Bajo  Jefa de servicio  Oficina Española de Cambio Climático  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sra. María Inés Álvarez Torres  Jefa de servicio del Departamento de cooperación con Centroamérica, México y Caribe  AECID  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Jose Antonio Cava Alegre  Jefe de Sección  Departamento de Protocolo  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Nadine Mohamed Ihab Dessouki Bebars  Asistente de la sección política  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores, UE y Cooperación  Embajada de España en El Cairo  
Sr. Sergio Garrido García  Responsable de proyectos en la Oficina técnica de cooperación en Costa Rica  AECID  Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores  
Sr. Alejandro Romero Gómez  Gabinete de Prensa  Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto Demográfico  
Sr. Taha Ahmed Ahmed Ziada  Embajada de España en El Cairo  
Sr. Vicente Arjona Sánchez  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Fernando Calvo Rollón  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Jaime María Carrasco Bueno  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Diego del Monte Nieto  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Javier Encabo Gil  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Jose Miguel Fernández Zamora  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Javier Garzón Ruiz  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Gregorio Jesús Gil López  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Alberto Guerra Cordero  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Blanca Gutiérrez Parrés  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Juan José Herrero Álvarez  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Pedro Herrero Del Mazo  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. José Marcos Gallego  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Ricardo Moreno Albandea  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Víctor Vicente Murcia Garzón  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Eladio Emilio Pareja Martínez  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Roberto Pereira Sevillano  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sra. Patricia Rodríguez Canals  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Juan Manuel Ruiz de Valbuena Arnaiz  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sr. Valentín Carrera Boleas  Subdirector General  Secretaría de Estado de comunicación  Presidencia del Gobierno  
Sri Lanka 
H.E. Mr. Ranil Wickremesinghe  H.E. the President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka  Permanent Mission of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka to the United Nations, New York  
Mr. Naseer Ahamed Zainulabdeen  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Kanchana Vodatha Wijesekera  Minister of Power and Energy  Ministry of Power and Energy  
Mr. Dinendra Ruwan Wijewardene  Senior Advisor on Climate Change to H.E. the President  Presidential Secretariat  
Mr. Dissabandara Sunimal Jayathunga Rajamunilage  Additional Secretary  Climate Change Secretariat  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Sandra Dilrukshi Marina Perera  Private Secretary to H.E. the President  Presidential Secretariat  
Mr. Pathmanaathan Marimuththu Karuppaia  Ambassador  Embassy of Sri Lanka in Cairo  
Mr. Mohamed Rizvi Hassen  Director General/Ocean Affairs, Climate Change & Environment  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Senarath Bandara Dissanayake Delgahadeniya Dissanayake Mudiyanselage  Chief of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Dinouk Chandralal Colombage  Director/ International Affairs  Presidential Secretariat  
Ms. karunadheerage Nilanthi Kumudini Vidyalankara  Director - Climate Change  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Galhenage Thusitha Dakshini Perera  Assistant Director  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Wathsala Thiranagamage  Development Officer  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Thulan Kavindu Bandara Manathunga Mudiyanselage  Second Secretory  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Embassy of Sri Lanka in Cairo  
Sri Lanka (continued) 
Mr. Kasun Balasooriya Balasooriya Mudiyanselage  Second Secretory (Commercial)  Embassy of Sri Lanka in Cairo  
Mr. Buddhisrilal Bandara Marambe  Professor, Faculty of Agriculture  University of Peradeniya  
Mr. Athwel Gamaralalage Thusitha Sugathapala  Senior Lecturer  Department of Mechanical Engineering  University of Moratuwa  
Ms. Vositha Vedhani Wijenayake  Executive Director  SLYCAN Trust  
Mr. Kavindu Sandaruwan Ediriweera  Director, Youth programme  SLYCAN Trust  
Mr. Samantha Abeywickrama  Public Relation Officer  Minister's Secretariat  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Chinthaka Keerthi Ranga Samarasingha Arachchige  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohamed Nizam Jamaldeen  Personal Security Officer to H.E. the President  Presidential Secretariat  
Mr. Ajith Bandara Polkotuwa Paragoda Arachchilage  Personal Security Officer to H.E. the President  Presidential Secretariat  
Mr. Dissanayake Mudiyanselage Eranda Subash Wijayapala  Personal Physician to H.E. the President  Presidential Secretariat  
Mr. Ashoka Kumara Ariyawansha Yatigammana Deeyawe Watte Pahala Gedara  Personal Security Officer to H.E. the President  Presidential Secretariat  
Mr. Mohamed Nasheed  Advisor to the H.E. the President of Sri Lanka  Presidential Secretariat  
State of Palestine 
H.E. Mr. Mohammad I. M. Shtayyeh  Prime Minister  P. M. Office  P. O. Office  
H.E. Ms. Nisreen T. H. Tamimi  Chairperson  Environment Quality Authority  
Mr. Majdi H. A. Alsaleh  Minister  Minister's Office  Ministry of Local Governments  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed M. S. Ziara  Minister  Ministry of Public Works and Housing  
H.E. Mr. Diab N. M. Allouh  Ambassador of Palestine to Egypt  Embassy of Palestine to Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Nedal Katbehbader  Minister Advisor for Climate Change  Office of the Minister  Environment Quality Authority  
Mr. Ammar Hijazi  Minister Assistant for Multilateral Affairs  Directorate of Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates  
H.E. Ms. Taghrid B. I. Senouar  Advisor to PM for International Relations  PM Office  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Estphan Antoun Estphan Salameh  Advisor to PM for Planning and Aid Coordination  PM Office  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Anas W. M. Abuzyiad  Camear Man  PM Office  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Jamil Mtoor  Prime Minister's Advisor for Climate Affairs  Prime Minister's Office  PM Office  
Mr. Shaker I. S. Zabada  Advisor to the Prime Minister for Economic Affairs  PM Office  
Ms. Asma M. M. Marzoq  Media Advisor  PM Office  
Mr. Nasser M. T. Omran  Assistant to PM and Chief of Security  PM Office  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Shadi H. J. Karakra  Official Photographer  PM Office  
Mr. Mohammed A. M. Hermas  Security  PM Office  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Mohammed M. M. Rabee  Security  PM Office  
Mr. Khalaf F. T. Saleh  Security  PM Office  Prime Minister Office  
Mr. Islam T. S. Alawna  Security  PM Office  
Mr. Mohammed S. M. Qash  Security  PM Office  
Mr. Mahmoud M. M. Bayatena  Assistant to the Chief of Protocol  President's Office  
Mr. Basel T. Q. Yaseen  Director General  Palestinian Energy and Environment Research Center  Palestinian Energy and Natural Resources Authority  
Ms. Ibtesam I. O. Abualhaija  Director  Climate Change and Drought Monitoring  Ministry of Agriculture  
State of Palestine (continued) 
Mr. Omar M. M. Zayed  Director General  Water Resources  Palestinian Water Authority/Palestinian National Authority  
Mr. Zaghloul M. H. Samhan  Director General  Planning and Policies  Environment Quality Authority  
Mr. Yazan N. A. Albarahma  Media Coordinator  President's Office  
Mr. Nezam Soos  
Mr. Tamer A. M. Awaja  Dplomat  Palestine Embassy in Egypt  
Mr. Naji J. N. Ismail  Diplomat  Palestine Embassy in Egypt  
Ms. Sahar S. M. Abuhassira  
Ms. Saada K. M. Abuzahra  Director  Rural Development  Ministry of Public Works and Housing  
Ms. Nevin K. D. Habayba  Director  Public Relations  Ministry of Public Works and Housing  
Mr. Tareq M. K. Fanous  Palestine Embassy in Egypt  
Sudan 
Ms. Mona Ahmed  Secretary General  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Gebreil Ibrahim Mohamed Fediel  Minister of Finance & Economic Planning  
Mr. Abdalla Yahya Ahmed Hussein  Minister  Ministry of Urban Development Roads & Bridges  
Mr. Abdelrahim Ismail Abdelrahim Kafi  Ministry of Interior  
Ms. Sawsan Abdalla Ali Obeid Alla  Forests Inventory and Reservation  Forests National Corporation  
Mr. Ahmed Abdelgadir Ali Mohamed  Chief of State Protocol  
Ms. Jamal Abdelhafeez Ibrahim Elhag  
Ms. Rehab Abdelmageed Osman MohamedAli  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Mohamed Abdelrahim Mohamed Abdelrahim  Sudan News Agency (SUNA)  
Mr. Eltaher Abdelrahman Fadul Oshar  Official  Ministry of Financial & Economic  
Mr. Ageeb Ahmed  Security Technical Secretariat  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Ms. Amna Ahmed Mohammed Bashir  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Huyam Ahmed Abdalla Ahmed  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Abdelwahab Ahmed Ali Elhag  Head of Judiciary Authority - Red Sa State  
Mr. Khalid Ahmed Daif Alla Salih  Official  
Ms. Azza Ahmed Eltayib Noureldaime  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Rehab Ahmed Hassan Ahmed  Inventory and Mitigation Team Leader  Climate Change Unit  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Khalid Ahmed Mohamed Ali  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Doaa Ahmed Salim Mohamed  
Mr. Adil Ahmed Siddig Ali  Journalist  
Ms. Sayeda Ali Ahmed Khalil  REDD+ Chair  Forest National Corporation  
Ms. Hana Ali Mohamed Ahmed  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Mohamoud Ali Mohamed Albashir  Red State _Higher Council For Environment  
Ms. Hanadi Awadalla Abdelrasoul Awadalla  Extension Department - Biomass Energy Conservation  Forests National Corporation  
Mr. Mohieldin Balla Hamad Mohamed  Official  
Ms. Maryam Basheir Elfeel Edrees  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Mosab Bashir Ali Bashir  Protocol Officer  
Mr. Gafar Bashir Ishag Fadl Elmulla  Official  
Ms. Awatif Abdelgadir Bashir Mohamed  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Eltigani Bashir Taha Elbashir  General Manager  Sudanese Standards and Metrology Organization  
Mr. Mohyeldin Beshr Abdalla Suliman  Occupation  Ministry of Financial & Economic  
Ms. Samia Bitik  Security Technical Secretariat  Ministry of Agriculture and Forests  
Ms. Zeinab Elalam Ali Mohammed  Ministry of Social Development  
Sudan (continued) 
Mr. Hisham Elamir Yousif Ibrahim  Ministry of Irrigation & Water  
Mr. Shehab Eldin Osman Merghani Mohamed Ali  Ministry of Irrigation & Water  
Mr. Mohammed Elhafiz Ahmed Osman Abukalam  Official  
Mr. Fathalla Elhaj Ahmed Dafalla  Red Sea State  
Ms. Dalal Elhaj Ebrahim Mohammed  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Mawa Elhaj Ibrahim Mohamed  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Mohamed Elias Mohamed Elhag  Ambassador  
Ms. Yomna Elkhawad Mohammed Saeed  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Ali Elsadig Ali  Minister of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Taha Eltahir Ahmed Bedawi  
Mr. Ahmed Eltayeb Mahmoud Saad  Official  
Mr. Adam Elzubair Ahmed Mohamed Adam  Ministry of the Gabinet  
Mr. Hashim Fadul Kunna Abdalla  Red Sea State  
Mr. Salman Gadim Adam Fadl  Ofiicial  
Mr. Abdelazim Gaffer Mohamed Ali Eshager  Official  
Mr. Yahia Gumaa  Lecturer  Instiute of Environmental Studies  University of Khartoum  
Ms. Hana Hamadalla  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Ms. Ozaz Hamid Abdallah Yousif  University of Khartoum  
Mr. Muawia Hamid Ibrahim Shaddad  University of Khartoum  
Mr. Hassan Hamour  Project Manager  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Khalid Hassan Abbas Mohamed  Interpreter  
Mr. Hani Hassan Abdalgadir Ali  Administrative Attache  
Mr. Ahmed Hassan Alamin Ebrahim  Ministry of Irrigation & Water  
Ms. Donia Hassan Khalafalla Rahamtalla  Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry  
Mr. Ahmed Ibrahim Ali Mufadal  General  
Mr. Hamid Ibrahim Mohamed Ibrahim  Director  Mining Resources  
Ms. Mariam Ibrahim Taha Elfaki  Higher Council of Environment, Urban and Rural Promotion  
Mr. Elsadig Ismail Mahmoud Mohammed  Office Director  
Ms. Sawsan Khair Elsied Abdelrahim Mustafa  Range and Pasture General Directorate Ministry of Livestock Fisheries and Rangelands  
Ms. Nagla Mahgoub Hamadain Jebory  Forest National Corporation  
Mr. Abuamna Mahmoud Abuamna Hayes  Read Sea State  
Mme Asia adlan Mohamed Abdalla  Professor  Research Biodiversity and Farming  Green Economics Institute  
Mr. Dayaeldin Mohamed Abdelrahman Ahmed  Deputy Director of Protocol  
Mr. Salama Mohamed Agab Mohamed  Official  
Mr. Elwaleed Mohamed Ahmed Byome  Diplomat  
Mr. Sirag Eldin Mohamed Ahmed Mohamed sharif  Forest National Corporation  
Mr. Awadeljeed Mohamedalamin Osman Gadim  Ministry of Social Development  
Ms. Sawsan Mohamedelhassan Elamin Sanhory  National Energy Research Center  
Ms. Hajir Mohammed Mohyaldeen Khalil  Diplomat  
Mr. Elamin Muddathir Elhassan Eltom  Environmental Initiative Organization for Sustainable Development (EnvI)  
Mr. Hamza Musa Ragab Abdalla  Official  
Ms. Somaia Omer Magzoub  Forest National Corporation  
Mr. Abdelmouneim Osman Hassan Idris  Rang and Pasture General Directorate  
Mr. Mobashar Ramadan Mohamed Ahmed  Official  Ministry of Financial & Economic  
Ms. Zeinab Salih Mohammed Mohammdein  Environmental Awareness  Higher Council for Environment and Natural Resources  
Mr. Yasar Seif Eldin Eldusogi  Official  
Mr. Hisham Salah Eldin Shazali Ahmed  Project Coordinator  Consultancy Corp.  University of Khartoum  
Sudan (continued) 
Mr. Mohamed Siddig Mohamed Elshiekh  Director of Media Center of T.S.C  
Ms. Lina Yassin  Researcher  International Institute for Environment  
Mr. Nadir Yousif  lecturer  University of Khartoum Consultancy Corporation  
Mr. Asad Yousif Mohamed Yousif  Official  
Ms. Alwia Yousif Mohamed Osman  Ministry of Agriculture  
Suriname 
H.E. Mr. Chandrikapersad Santokhi  President of the Republic of Suriname  Government of Suriname  
H.E. Mr. Albert Ramdin  Minister of Foreign Affairs, International Business and International Cooperation of the Republic of Suriname  Government of Suriname  
H.E. Mr. Silvano Tjong-Ahin  Spatial Planning and Environment  Government  
Mme Mellisa Santohki-Seenacherry  First Lady of the Republic of Suriname  Government of Suriname  
Ms. Ivette Sugilda Claudette Patterzon  Deputy Director Climate Change  Directorate for the Environment  Ministry of Spatial Planning and Environment  
Ms. Gina Griffith  Office Director  Legal Office  National Institute for Environment and Development in Suriname  
Ms. Tiffany van Ravenswaay  Policy Advisor Chemicals and Waste  Directorate for the Environment  Ministry of Spatial Planning and Environment  
Ms. Consuela Paloeng  Program manager and Reporting specialist  Foundation for Forest Management and Production Control  Ministry of Land Policy and Forest Management  
Ms. Monique Susan Pool  
Mr. Glenn Tewari  Head of Protocol of the President of the Republic of Suriname  Government of Suriname  
Ms. Soraya Moentadj  
Mr. Ghomadath Mahabier  Head of Security of the President of the Republic of Suriname  Government of Suriname  
Mr. Antonius Bartholemeus Auguste  
Mr. Gene Sampono  
Ms. Marianne Claudette Cornet  
Mr. Raveen Ishwar Samoedj  
Sweden 
H.E. Mr. Ulf Kristersson  Prime Minister  Prime Minister’s Office  Government Offices of Sweden  
H.E. Ms. Romina Pourmokhtari  Minister for Climate and the Environment  Ministry of Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Johan Forssell  Minister for International Development Cooperation and Foreign Trade  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Mattias Frumerie  Head of Delegation  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Christoffer Nelson  Deputy chief negotiator  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Helen Agren  Director  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Katja Awiti  Deputy Director General  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Joel Bengtsson  Climate analyst  Climate department  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Amanda Bjorksell  Youth representative  LSU - The National Council of Swedish Youth Organisations  
Mr. Per Bodin  Environmental Objectives Coordinator  Environmental Analysis Unit  Swedish Board of Agriculture  
Ms. Annika Christell  Senior Advisor  EU Policy Unit  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Håkan Emsgård  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Swedish Embassy in Cairo  
Mr. Axel Eriksson  UN Youth Delegate  LSU - The National Council of Swedish Youth Organisations  
Ms. Kajsa Fernström Nåtby  Head of Section  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Erica Grankvist  National Focal Point / Desk Officer  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Ida Hamilton  Head of Section  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Sweden (continued) 
Ms. Lisbeth Hellvin Stålgren  Deputy Director  Prime Minister’s Office  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Louise Hermann  Senior Policy Specialist Environment and Climate  INTEM/ Policy Unit  Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency  
Mr. Robert Hillukkala  Security  Swedish Security Service  
Ms. Josefina Kildjer  Head of Section  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Amanda Liedgren  Policy Specialist  Department for International Organisations and Policy Support  Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency  
Ms. Anna Lindstedt  Ambassador   Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Emilie Molin  Deputy-director  Ministry of Enterprise and Innovation  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. David Newell  Policy Adviser  International Climate Cooperation  Swedish Energy Agency  
Mr. Fredrik Niemi  Security  Swedish Security Service  
Ms. Emma Nohrén  Member of Parliament, Chair Committee on Environment and agriculture (Green Party)  Swedish Parliament  Committee on Environment and Agriculture  
Mr. Jonathan Olsson  Political Adviser  Prime Minister’s Office  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Karl Opdal  Press Secretary  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Kjell-Arne Ottosson  Member of Parliament, First deputy chair  Swedish Parliament  Committee on Environment and Agriculture  
Ms. Sigrid Persson  Negotiator  International Climate Cooperation  Swedish Energy Agency  
Mr. Jörgen Pettersson  Policy Advisor  Policy and Analysis Division  Swedish Forest Agency  
Mr. Johan Pettersson  Deputy Director  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Sara Ramirez  Deputy Director  Ministers Office  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Sigrún Rawet  Deputy Director-General and Head of Department   Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Clara Schultz  Desk Officer  Ministry of Finance  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Karin Seydlitz  Deputy Director  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Dag Sjöögren  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Åsa Sjöström  Expert  Core Services  Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute  
Ms. Stina Soderqvist  Party/Communication Specialist/ACE National Focal Point  Communications Department  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Aaron Tuckey  Project Coordinator  Climate Objectives Unit  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Jennifer Unelius  Climate advisor and gender focal point  EU policy unit  Swedish Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Martin Vogel  Desk Officer  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Ida Walderlo  Communications Officer  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Helena Walentowicz  Press Secretary  Prime Minister’s Office  Government Offices of Sweden  
Ms. Niki Westerberg  Press Secretary  Ministry of the Environment  Ministry of the Environment  
Mr. Daniel Westlén  State Secretary  Ministry of the Environment  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. Erik Widman  Ambassador for Climate and Security  Ministry for Foreign Affairs  Government Offices of Sweden  
Mr. John Zachau  Desk Officer  Prime Minister’s Office  Government Offices of Sweden  
Switzerland 
H.E. Mr. Ignazio Cassis  President of the Swiss Confederation  
H.E. Ms. Simonetta Sommaruga  Federal Councillor  Federal Council  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  
Switzerland (continued) 
H.E. Mr. Franz Perrez  Ambassador  Federal Office for the Environment  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  
Ms. Lydie-Line Calypso Paroz  Deputy Head of Delegation  Federal Department of Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications  Federal Office for the Environment  
Ms. Alexandra Baumann  Federal Department of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Matthias Bachmann  Swiss Federal Department of Foreign Affairs  Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation  
Ms. Catherine Liliane Bellini  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications (DETEC)  
Ms. Gabriela Blatter  Principal Pplicy Advisor, Head of International Environment Finance Unit  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications (DETEC)  Federal Office for the Environment  
Mr. Philippe Brunet  Federal Department of Foreign Affairs (FDFA)  Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation  
Ms. Geraldine Eicher  Federal Department of the Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications (DETEC)  
Mr. Simon Fellermeyer  Federal Department of Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications (DETEC)  Federal Office for the Environment  
Mr. Patrick Hofstetter  Advisor Climate and Energy  World Wildlife Fund  
Mr. Roland Hohmann  
Mr. Quentin John Sterling Knight  Climate Youth Delegate  
Ms. Brigitte Menzi  Swiss Federal Department of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Rupa Mukerji  
Mr. Henrique Schneider  Chief Economist  Swiss Federation of Small and Medium Enterprises  
Mr. Michael Steiner  
Mr. Cedric Stucky  Personal Advisor to the Head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs  Federal Department of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Julien Volery  Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research  State Secretariat for Economic Affairs  
Ms. Caroline Wehrle  
Ms. Isabelle Werner  Federal Department of Home Affairs  Federal Office of Meteorology and Climatology MeteoSwiss  
Ms. Christine Zundel  Scientific Advisor  Federal Office for Agriculture  Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research  
Syrian Arab Republic 
Ms. Manal Al sheish ameen  Parliament  
Mr. Abdul Rahman Azkahe  Parliament  
Mr. Hussien Makhlouf  Minister  Ministry of Local Administration and Environment  
Mr. Bassam Darwish  Syrian Ambassador in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Moutaz Douaji  Deputy Minister  Ministry of local administration and environment  Ministry of Local Administration and Environment  
Mr. Khaled Jbour  NFP to UNFCCC  Atmosphere Safety Directorate  Ministry of Local Administration and Environment  
Mr. Ammar Abbas  National Designated Entity CTCN  Technical Services Manager  Ministry of Local Administration and Environment  
Mr. Abbas Abbas  Parliament  
Mr. Bassam Aboharb  Director of Planning and International Cooperation  Directorate of Planning and International cooperation  Ministry of Water Resources  
Ms. Sonia Afesa  Director of Planning and International Cooperation  Ministry of State for Environment Affairs  
Mr. Mahmoud Al kaar  Deputy Minister of Water Recourses  Ministry of Water Resources  
Mr. Johnny Danhash  Director  Minister office  Ministry of Local Administration and Environment  
Mr. Ahmad Naman  Director of Environmental Research  Environmental research  Ministry of Local Administration and Environment  
Tajikistan 
Mr. Bahodur Sheralizoda  Chairman  Committee for Environmental protection under the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Abdullo Qurbonzoda  Director  Agency for Hydrometeorology  
Tajikistan (continued) 
Mr. Sulton Rahimzoda  Chairman  Executive Committee-International Fund for Saving the Aral Sea  
Mr. Daler Juma  Minister  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Mr. Akram Karimi  Ambassador of Tajikistan to Saudi Arabia  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Sirojiddin Muhriddin  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Khikmatullozoda Nematullo  Assistant to the President of Tajikistan for economic issues  Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Faiziddin Qahhorzoda  Minister  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Sadi Qodirzoda  Chairman  State Committee on Investments and State Property Management  
Mr. Shermuhammad Rajabzoda  Protocol President  
Mr. Murod Saidov  Chief of Security Service of the President  
Mr. Azamsho Sharifi  Advisor  International Relations  President's Office  
Mr. Kosimi Zarobiddin  Ambassador  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Tajikistan to the Arab Republic of Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Komron Ruziev  Head  International Relations Department  Committee for Environmental protection under the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Muzaffar Shodmonov  Deputy  Climate Change Center  Committee for Environment Protection  
Mr. Sino Tokhirzoda  Director  SUE - Saydu Sayohat  Committee for Environmental Protection  
Mr. Dilovarsho Dustzoda  Climate Change Expert  Agency for Hydrometeorology  
Mr. Turakul Murodov  Head  NDA Secretariat  Committee for Environment Protection  
Mr. Ghiyosiddin Nemonov  Project Manager  Manager of CEP of Tajikistan  Committee for Environmental protection  
Ms. Zebuniso Muminzoda  Director  CAREC in Tajikistan  Regional Environmental Centre for Central Asia  
Ms. Angez Avzalshoeva  Specialist in Group finance implementation  Project "Management of water resources in Panj river basin  Agency for Hydrometeorology of the Committee of Environmental Protection under the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Mukhibullo Dzhunaidov  Director  project "Management of water resources in Panj river basin"  Agency for Hydrometeorology of the Committee of Environmental Protection under the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Sattor Saidov  Head  Climate Change Center  Committee for Environmental protection  
Mr. Vaysidin Saidov  Cheif Specilaist  Department of Information  EC IFASS  
Mr. Rustam Abdullaev  Head  International Department  EC IFASS  
Mr. Tohir Sabzaliev  Representative  AKAH  Aga Khan Agency for Habitat  
Ms. Zaynura Khudoyorbekova  Representative  AKAH  Aga Khan Agency for Habitat  
Mr. Abdulfaiyoz Abdujalilov  Officer of the security service of the President  
Mr. Khairullo Abdulhafizov  Officer of the Presidential Security Service  
Mr. Abuhasan Abdulloev  Embassy Employee  Embassy of Tajikistan in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Samariddin Ainiddin  Deputy Spokesperson of the President  
Mr. Saykhun Amirov  Director  System Department  Committee for Emergency Situations and Civil Defense under the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Eronsho Ayubzoda  Head  works with the Sarez lake  Committee for Emergency Situations and Civil Defense under the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Rustam Azimov  Embassy staff  Embassy of Tajikistan in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Aminjon Azimov  President's Photographer  
Mr. Suresh Babu Chandra  Climate Change Advisor  
Mr. Nemat Bobiev  officer of the Security Service  President of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Sanoi Boyzoda  Representative  EC IFAS  
Tajikistan (continued) 
Mr. Abdusalom Haqnazarov  Security Service of the President  
Mr. Zafar Hasanov  Hygienic sanitary doctor  
Mr. Rasul Ismoilov  Officer of the Administrative Department of the Office of the President  
Mr. Idris Izatzoda  Cheif specialist  Energy Policy  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Mr. Saifiddin Karimzoda  President's cameraman  
Mr. Nawab Ali Khan  Representative  AKAH  Aga Khan Agency for Habitat  
Mr. Dilshod Khudoinazarov  officer of the Security Service  President of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Yusufi Mukhammadrakhim  Chairman  Ecological Commission  Parliament Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Marufjon Mulloev  Chief specialist  energy policy  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Mr. Naqib Murodzoda  Personal Photographer of the President  
Mr. Umar Nazarov  Head  Executive Committee-International Fund for Saving the Aral Sea  
Mr. Sulton Niyozi  Chief Expert of the Press Service of the President  
Mr. Kamari Oiyatulloi  Officer of the security service of the President  
Mr. Hasan Qayumov  sanitary hygiene doctor  
Mr. Kholmahmad Rahimzoda  President's Doctor  Office of the President  
Mr. Mahmadali Rajabiyon  Senior Advisor of the President on Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ravshan Sabirov  Officer of the Administrative Department of the Office of the President  
Mr. Pulod Safarzoda  Head  Accounting Center of the Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Abdufattoh Sharifzoda  Head of the Press Center of the Presidential Administration  
Mr. Mahmadamin Sharifzoda  Head of the President's Visit Service Department  
Mr. Asadullo Sharipov  Embassy employee  Embassy of Tajikistan in Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jamshed Shoimzoda  Deputy  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Mr. Navruzjon Sodiqov  officer of the Security Service  President of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Ghoibzoda Ubaidullo  chief specialist of the Press Service President of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Aminjon Umarzoda  Chief Specialist  Energy Policy  Ministry of Energy and Water Resources  
Mr. Faiziddin Yokubov  officer of the Security Service  President of the Republic of Tajikistan  
Mr. Avazkhon Zainudin  Head  Center of Information and Communication Technologies  Executive Office of the President  
Thailand 
H.E. Mr. Varawut Silpa-archa  Minister of Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Jatuporn Buruspat  Permanent Secretary  Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Phirun Saiyasitpanich  Secretary-General  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Siriwan Boonma  Environmentalist, Practitioner Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Margaret C. Yoovatana  Director, International Agricultural Affairs Group  Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives  
Ms. Seetala Chantes  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Athapol Charoenshunsa  Director-General  Department of Marine and Coastal Resources  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Nut Chayutimand  Attached to the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Supanut Chotevitayatarakorn  Legal Officer (Manager)  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Thailand (continued) 
Mr. Jakchai Chumjit  Director  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Krittaya Chunhaviriyakul  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Chalermluck Dissayapanya  Technical Specialist, Capacity Building and Outreach Office  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Puttaporn Ewtoksan  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Thailand to the Arab Republic of Egypt  Royal Thai Embassy, Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Chatchawan Genarkarn  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Irwin Vich Gonsalves  Policy and Plan Analyst  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Pongphan Gruaythong  Director of Project Environment Division  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Nichamon May Hsieh  Counsellor  Permanent Mission of Thailand to the United Nations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Apaphatch Hunsiritrakun  Technical Expert  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Phuriputr Huvanandana  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Thanabordee Joothong  Counsellor  Royal Thai Embassy, Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Chaipon Juntawang  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Sivach Kaewcharoen  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Sumana Kajonwattanakul  Director of Marine and Coastal Resources Research and Development Institute  Department of Marine and Coastal Resources  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Wanisa Kantamanee  Environmentalist, Practitioner Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Pavich Kesavawong  Director of Foreign Affairs Division  Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Apiwat Klongnawa  Dissemination Technical Officer, Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Preecha Kongnonthachai  Attached to the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Teerapong Laopongpith  Environmentalist, Senoir Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Kiatchai Maitriwong  Executive Director  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Fairda Malem  Environmentalist, Senior Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion (DEQP)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Thatdao Mandee  Advisor to the Director General  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Pavinee Na Saiburi  Deputy Director-General  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Sonthariya Netirungsiwatchara  Social Development Worker, Senior Professional Level  Department of Women's Affairs and Family Development  Ministry of Social Development and Human Security  
Thailand (continued) 
Ms. Natarika Wayuparb Nitiphon  Deputy Executive Director  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Thitima Niyomsilpchai  Fishery Biologist, Professional Level  Department of Marine and Coastal Resources  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Nilapha Paemanee  Scientist level 9  Greenhouse Gas Management Department, Project Environment Division  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  
Ms. Chayanan Pakdeejit  Assistant Permanent Secretary  Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Thanavon Pamaranon  Counsellor  Royal Thai Embassy, Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Nareerat Panmanee  Director of Climate Change Management and Coordination Division  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Cataleya Phatoomros  Director of Development Affairs Division  Department of International Organisations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Pimpika Potisaro  Advisor to the Director General  Royal Forest Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Sirisa Prachumyaat  Second Secretary  Development Affairs, Department of International Organisations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kitipong Promwong  President  Office of National Higher Education Science Research and Innovation Policy Council (NXPO)  Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation  
Mr. Sukan Pungkul  Forest Technical Officer  Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Jiravat Ratisoontorn  Deputy Secretary-General  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Puttipar Rotkittikhun  Director of Project Evaluation and Approval Office  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Nattakarn Saipetch  Social Development Worker, Practitioner Level  Department of Women's Affairs and Family Development  Ministry of Social Development and Human Security  
Mr. Paramin Sansongsak  Engineer (Senior Professional Level)  Office of the Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Surachai Sathitkunarat  Assistant to the President  Office of National Higher Education Science Research and Innovation Policy Council  Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation  
Mr. Wijarn Simachaya  Chairman of Board of Directors of Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization  Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management Organization (Public Organization)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Saravanee Singtong  Division Director  Office of National Higher Education Science Research and Innovation Policy Council  Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation  
Mr. Wirat Songsri  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Chanutsakul Supirak  Environmentalist, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Pacharamon Sutthapintu  Head, Planning and Evaluation of Greenhouse Gas Section  Greenhouse Gas Management Department, Project Environment Division  Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand  
Ms. Pattanan Tarin  Head of Multilateral Environmental Agreements and Strategies Unit  Department of Industrial Works  Ministry of Industry  
Ms. Suriwassa Thanyanattawit  Environmental Officer, Professional Level  Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Chongrak Thinagul  Dissemination Technical Officer, Expert Level  Department of Environmental Quality Promotion  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Thailand (continued) 
Mr. Itt Thirarath  First Secretary  Royal Thai Embassy, Cairo  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ruethai Wattana  Attached to the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Timor-Leste 
H.E. Mr. Demetrio do Amaral de Carvalho  Secretary of State for the Environment  Secretariat of State for the Environment  Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Fidelis Manuel Leite Mangalhães  Minister of the Council of Ministers and Extraordinary Envoy of the President of the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  The Government of Timor-Leste  
H.E. Mr. Adao Soares Barbosa  Special Envoy with the Category of Ambassador at Large Climate Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation, the Government of Timor Leste  
Mr. Carlos Agostinho Ramos da Silva  Personal Security (National Police)  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Anacleto Caetano  Chief of Cabinet of External Relations and Communication of the Authority of Civil Protection  Secretariat of State for Civil Protection  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Joao Carlos Soares  Director General of Environment  General Directorate for Environment  Secretary of State for the Environment  
Mr. Agostinho Cosme Belo  National Director for Disaster Risk Management  National Directorate for Disaster Risk Management, Secretariat State of Civil Protection  Ministry of Interior  
Ms. Justina Aurea Da Costa Belo  Professional staff  National Directorate of Climate Change  Secretariat of State for the Environment  
Mr. Manuel da Cruz  Technical Staff  Secretariat of State for the Environment  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Joanico Do Amaral  Technical Staff  Office of the Secretariat of State for the Environment  Secretariat of State for Environment, Government  
Sra. Tómasia Ana Maria do Rosario e Sousa  Senior Technical Staff of Environmental Health  Ministry of Health  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Adalfredo do Rosário Ferreira  Director, Watershed Forest Management and Mangrove Areas  Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Ms. Maria Auxiliadora Dos Reis  Technic Professional  National Directorate of Climate Change, Secretariat of State for the Environment, Government  Government  
Mr. Gilson Olimpio Dos Reis Alves  Protocol  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Alexandre dos Santos  RTLL Journalist  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Luis Dos Santos Belo  Chief of Department for Ozone, National Directorate for Climate Change  Ozone Department, National Directorate of Climate Change  Secretariat of State for the Environment  
Mr. Carlos dos Santos Correia  Technical Led  Oxfam, Timor-Leste  Non Governmental Organization  
Mr. Pedro Godinho Dos Santos Marçal da Costa  Secretary Executive  National Designated Authority, Secretary of State for the Environment  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Ruben Jerónimo Freitas  President of Ane I.P.  Ministry of Public Works  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Kassius Klei de Jesus Marcelino Magno Dias Ximenes  National Director  National Directorate of Spatial Ordinance  Ministry of Planning and Territory  
Ms. Gradiana Manuela do Carmo  Finance Manager  National Designated Authority, Secretariat of State for the Environment The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Raimundo Mau  Director General for Forestry, Plants and Coffee  Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Galo Alejandro Mayorga Urquiza  Policy Adviser  Presidency of the Council of Ministers  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Timor-Leste (continued) 
Mr. Domingos Mesquita  Director, National Directorate of Administration, Finance and Planning  Secretariat of State for the Environment  Government  
Mr. Célio Fátima Sebastião Varudo Moniz da Silva  Technical Assistant for Bilateral and Multilateral Issues at Cabinet of Minister of MNEC  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation (MNEC)  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mr. Augusto Manuel Pinto  National Director of Climate Change, UNFCCC NFP (alternate)  National Directorate of Climate Change  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Ms. Sofia Rana Sagran Husin  Professional Staff  National Directorate of Climate Change  Secretariat of State for the Environment  
Ms. Lúcio Jojue Sávio  Climate Justice Manager  Oxfam  Non Governmental Organization  
Ms. Francisca Soares Fátima  Staff of Cabinet Secretariat of State for Civil Protection  Secretariat of State for Civil Protection  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Mme Doreen Frances Stabinsky  Professor  Global Environmental Politics  College of the Atlantic  
Mr. Angelo Ximenes  WASH and Climate Change Technical Lead  WaterAid  Non Governmental Organization  
Ms. Elisa Ximenes dos Santos  Technic Superior  Ministry of Health  The Government of Timor-Leste  
Togo 
H.E. Mr. Faure Essozimna Gnassingbe  Président de la République  Présidence de la République Togolaise  Etat Togolais  
H.E. Mr. Atcha-Dedji Affoh  Minister  Ministère des transports routiers, ferroviaires et aériens  
H.E. Ms. Hodo Mazamesso Assih  Minister  Ministère Chargé de l'Inclusion Financière et de l'Organisation du Secteur Informel  
H.E. Mr. Katari Foli Bazi  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Forestry Resources  
H.E. Mr. Lekpa Gbegbeni  Minister  Ministère de l’Agriculture, de l’Elevage et du Développement Rural  
H.E. Mr. Batossié Calixte Madjoulba  Ambassadeur  Ambassade de la République Togolaise à Paris  
H.E. Mr. Kokou Edem Tengue  Minister  Ministère de l’Economie Maritime, de la Pêche et de la Protection Côtière  
H.E. Mr. Bolidja Tiem  Minister  Ministère de l'Eau et de l'Hydraulique villageoise  
H.E. Ms. Mawunyo Mila Ami Aziable  Minister  Ministère de l'Energie et des Mines  
Ms. Méry Yaou  Directrice de l'environnement  Direction Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Développement Durable et de la Protection de la Nature  
Mr. Komla Azankpo  Juriste, Point Focal National de la CCNUCC  Direction de l'environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et des Ressources Forestières  
Mr. Aléwabia Délali Aklesso Bodjona  Conseiller diplomatique  Présidence de la République Togolaise  
Mr. Koffi Aimé Djikounou  
Ms. Abide Abalo-Sama  Environnementaliste  AT2ER  
Ms. Neme Gnassingbe  
Mr. Bouraima Ouro-Gouni  Géographe, Spécialiste en gestion de l'environnement  Direction de l'environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et des Ressources Forestières  
Ms. Emefa Toulassi-Djinam  Agence Nationale de Gestion de l'Environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et des Ressources Forestières  
Mr. Kamal Alawo Adjayi  Maire  Collectivité locale  
Mr. Akassewa Tchapo Singo  Ministère des Mines et de l'Energie  
Mr. Kpante Bouab  Ministère de l'agriculture  
Mr. Kombate Dindiogue Konlani  Directeur de Cabinet  Ministère de l'agriculture  
Ms. Amy Nabiliou  AT2ER  
Mr. Daoudou Salifou  Directeur  Direction de l'aménagement, de l'équipement et de la Mécanisation Agricole  Ministère de l'agriculture  
Mr. Kossi Sossou  
Mr. Essoninam Passike Pokona  Ingénieur agronome  
Mr. Alourou Sebabe  Géographe  Ministère des transports routiers, ferroviaires et aériens  
Mr. Chim-Etchezolam Sunday Ihueze Ujah  Ministère des Mines et de l'Energie  
Togo (continued) 
Ms. Abra Ivonne Mensah  
Mr. Padibalaki Abina  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Mr. Yaya Amadou  Ministère de l'Economie et des Finances  
Ms. Abravi Essenam Kissi  Environnementaliste  Ministère de l'agriculture  
Mr. Serge Rolland Eric Ekue  Président de la BOAD  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Mr. Komlanvi Moglo  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Mr. Dhisso Honore Toe  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Ms. Chifaou Jihane Fikara  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Ms. Yaoussa Modibo Bagayoko  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Mr. Oumar Tembely  Directeur Opérateur  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Mr. Atsou Edem Eric Amoussou  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Mr. Habibou Diop  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Ms. Nathalie Brou Fofana  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Mr. Alain Wilfrid Mahouklo Tchibozo  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Mr. Hassan Tamboura  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Mr. Luc-Arthur Adékounlé Adjou  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Ms. Nimatou Dramane  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Ms. Joelle Evelyne Daconwa Thiemele  
Ms. Mawulé Olive Makota Dahouindji  Banque Ouest Africaine de Developpement  
Ms. Dovi Khady Eliane Kouassigan  CRC BOAD  
Mr. Haulset Famien-Anxyl Kouassi  
Mr. Mikkel Becker-Aakervik  
Ms. Natalie Bridgette Becker-Aakervik  
Mr. Elidaa Kossi Daku  
Mr. Etsri Eklou-Takpani  
Ms. Adeyemi Akpene Akua Freitas  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Mr. Michael Kwame Nkonu  
Ms. Jessica Aywa Omukuti  
Ms. Abide Nathalie Edjohou  
Mr. Tete Yawo Pierre Nomo  
Mr. Kossivi Mawulolo Susuenyiame Domegni  
Mr. Ibourahim Ali  Environnementaliste  
Ms. Adjovi Rolande Awayitou  
Ms. Essotossou Niman  Environnementaliste  
Mr. Miguel Angel Fernandez Trillo Figueroa  
Mr. Wisdom Koffi Adjawlo  Environnementaliste  
Ms. Annette Luttah Aluora  Environnementaliste  
Mr. Akufuna Muyunda  
Mr. Kokouvi Noviti Yehouessi  
Mr. Agnim Tefenim Laoukpessi  
Mr. Tété Komi Adamah-Tassah  Animateur de Projet  
Mr. Sankpindja Lare  
Ms. Grace Ornella Berri  
Ms. Felana Raherinjatovoarison  
Mr. Soumaila Seydou Yalcouye  
Ms. Aina Valérie Rabarison H.  
Ms. Eve Bidouane Kamto Ngueponwe  
Ms. Hindatou Saïdou  
Ms. Félicité Bietchoua Yingou  
Ms. Fatou Samb  
Ms. Akouvi Okpe Abalo  
Mr. Kokouvi Aboboyaya  
Ms. Essivi Sinmégnon Acakpo-Addra  
Ms. Kossiwa Delali Adedje  
Mr. Kossivi Nevaeme Adessou  Co Régional GNDR  
Mr. Affo Bôni Adjama  Directeur de cabinet  Ministère de l'Eau et de l'Hydraulique villageoise  
Mr. Assimiou Adou Rahim Alimi  
Mr. Bareremna Afelu  Environnementaliste, Officier des Eaux et Forêts  Ministère de l'Environnement et des Ressources Forestières  
Ms. Demba Kadira Agba épse Nanyette  Ministère des Affaires Étrangères  
Ms. Yawavi Charlène Agbehonou  Ecolotrip  
Mr. Esso-Sam Abdou-Rassidou Agrignan  Economiste gestionnnaire, Expert en Finance climat  
Mr. Tchoou Akati  
Mr. Akintola Sévérin Nelson Akibode  Géographe Environnementaliste  ANPC  
Mr. Kokouvi Gbetey Akpamou  Directeur des Études et de la Planification  Ministère de l'Environnement, du Développement Durable et de la Protection de la Nature  
Mr. Assiom Semado Akueson  
Togo (continued) 
Mr. Pyoabalo Alaba  Directeur de l'ODEF  Ministry of Environment and Forestry Resources  
Mr. Sena Alouka  Executive Director  Jeunes Volontaires pour l'Environnement  
Ms. Ngozi Margareta Theresa Amu  
Ms. Delali Apegnowou  
Mr. Amevi Edoe Apezoumon-Agbetiafa  Chef de la Division des ressources en eau et d’amélioration du cadre de vie, Commission de l’UEMOA  Département de l’Agriculture, des Ressources en Eau et de l’Environnement, Commission de l’UEMOA  Commission de l'UEMOA  
Mr. Elom Kokou Eric Assigbley  
Mr. Akpaki Atah  Ministère de l'Environnement et des Ressources Forestières  
Ms. Hombalotouna Attegoua  Jeunes Volontaires pour l'Environnement  
Ms. Amah Atutonu épse Kueviakoe  Directrice des ressources forestières  Ministry of Environment and Forestry Resources  
Mr. Comlan Awougnon  Directeur des affaires administratives et financières  Ministry of Environment and Forestry Resources  
Ms. Elsa Victoire Bortuzzo  
Ms. Abire Nadège Boumogue  Environnementaliste  
Ms. Afi Constance Deguenon  Environnementaliste  
Mr. Kanfitine Ditoatou Tindandja  Geographe, coordonnateur du projet REDD+  Ministry of Environment and Forestry Resources  
Mr. Komlan Edou  Coordonnateur de la 4ème Communication nationale et du 2ème rapport biennal actualisé sur les changements climatiques  Direction de l'environnement  Gouvernement  
Mr. Mattia Epifani  
Ms. Modupeoluwa Oluwatosin Famakinwa  
Mr. Oyebanji Olufemi Fehintola  
Mr. Medanou Gbobada  
Mr. Koamy Gbloekpo Gomado  Maire  
Ms. Amè Rebecca Guelly  Environnementaliste  Agence nationale de gestion de l'environnement  
Mr. Latifou Issaou  Directeur Général de la Météorologie nationale  Direction Générale de la Météorologie nationale  
Mr. Nakodjoua Kolani  Juriste  Ministère de l'Eau et de l'Hydraulique villageoise  
Mr. Komi Maglo  Environnementaliste  
Ms. Rachimini Malam Moumouni  Environnementaliste  
Mr. Abourazakou Memen Morou  
Mr. Gilles Florent Etonam Monsin  Environnementaliste  Jeunes Volontaires pour l'Environnement  
Ms. Zainab Talatu Musa  
Mr. Hector Sann'do Nammangue  
Mr. Ankou Agbevivi Nayo  Ministère de la Santé  
Ms. Melissa Ayodele Olympio  
Mr. Kodjo Ossah  
Ms. Raissa Oureya  
Mr. Kabirou Ouro-Bondou Aboulaye  
Mr. Esso-Kl'Nam Pedessi  Energéticien  Jeunes Verts Togo  
Mr. Aniko Polo-Akpisso  Environnementaliste  Direction de l'environnement  Ministère de l'Environnement et des Ressources Forestières  
Mr. Kokou Sabi  Enseignant chercheur  Université de Lomé  
Mr. Moussa Samarou  
Ms. Abla Félicité Soadjede  Ingénieure Agronome  Patronat  
Mr. Komi Elom Claude Sodokin  Environnementaliste  
Mr. Ilyassou Mintre Tchede-Issa  Chargé de mission  Ministère des transports routiers, ferroviaires et aériens  
Mr. Kouassigan Vigniale Tovivo  Climate Analytics  
Ms. Alice Usanase  
Mr. Galine Yanon  Spécialiste en financement climatique  
Mr. Kokou Yaou  
Tonga 
H.E. Mr. Tiofilusi Tiueti  Minister for Finance  Leadership  Ministry of Finance  
H.E. Mr. Fatafehi Kinikinilau Lolomanaia Fakafanua  Speaker of the Legislative Assembly  Leadership  Parliament  
H.E. Mr. Siaosi Ofa Ki Vahafolau Sovaleni  Prime Minister of Tonga  Prime Ministers Office  
H.E. Mr. Sione Siale Fohe  Minister for Agriculture, Food and Forest  Leadership  Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Forest  
Tonga (continued) 
Mr. Paula Pouvalu Ma'u  CEO  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  Leadership  
Mr. Mafua i Vaiutukakau Maka  Director for National Emergency Management Office (NEMO)  NEMO  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  
Mr. Ofa Lehua Ki Saione Faanunu  Director for Meteorology  Department of Meteorology  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  
Mr. Tapuvakai Panuve  Chairman  Board  Utility Board of Tonga Power Limited  
Mr. Martin Barriteau  Consultant  Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Ilaisaane Lieti Lolo  Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Aid Coordination and Resilient Division  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Uili Lousi  President  Executive  OHAI Incorporated  
Mr. Ieva Indriunaite  Policy and Partnership Manager  Camco Management  Camco Management Limited  
Mr. Lano Fonua  Investment Officer  Climate Finance Access Network  Global Green Growth Institute  
Mr. Siosiua Alo Veikune  Vice-President  Executive Committee  Pacific Islands Students Fighting Climate Change  
Ms. Seneti Nunia Popua Aho  Senior Assistant  Executive  Pacific Islands Students Fighting Climate Change  
Mr. Geoffrey David Sinclair  Managing Director  Camco Management  Camco  
Mr. Benjamin Hugues  Investment Director  REPP  Camco  
Mr. Sione Talolakepa Fulivai  Resilient Development Coordinator  Climate Change Resilience Division  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. 'Ofa He Paea Kaisamy  Manager, Climate Change Center, SPREP  Climate Change Center  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Patrick William Pringle  Consultant, SPREP  Consultant  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Saurav Joshua Bansal  Consultant  CEO  Green Artificial Intelligence Technology  
Mr. Samisoni Mumui Tupou  Climate Change Technical Adaptation Officer  Climate Change  Ministry of Meteorology, Energy, Information, Disaster Management, Environment, Climate Change and Communications  
Ms. Eunji Lee  Senior Assistant Secretary  Protocol Division  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Uaisele Fifita  Private Secretary to HiS Majesty  Leadership  Palace Office  
Mr. Christopher Kongaika Taufatofua  Senior Associate  Lawyer & Partner  Milbank LLP  
Mr. David Sattler  Professor  Academia  Western Washington University  
Mr. Sefanaia Nawadra  Director General of SPREP  Leadership  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Rosanna Galuvao  Executive Assistant to the Director General of SPREP  Leadership  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Mr. Luke Joseph Pierce  Climate Consultant  Pacific Center for Climate Change  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
H.E. Mr. Viliami Vainga Tone  Tonga's Ambassador to the UN and the Us  Diplomatic Mission  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Silivia Atiola  Legal Officer  Leadrship  Parliament  
Mr. Samiuela Vea  President Chamber of Commerce  Leadership  Tonga Chamber of Commerce  
Ms. Vika Sivoki Soakai  Acting Deputy Director  Budget and Corporate Planning  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Metuisela Falesiva  Director for Agriculture Division  Agriculture Division  Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Food  
Tonga (continued) 
Mr. David John Eades  Broadcaster, Presenter  World News Department  British Broadcasting Corporation  
Mr. Aisea Kava  Police/Security Officer to the Prime Minister  Security Guard  Ministry of Police  
Ms. Makereta Vuvatu Komaidrue  Media Officer  Media  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Gerald Richard Page  Director General  Leadership  Biodiversity Climate Repair  
Trinidad and Tobago 
H.E. Ms. Pennelope Althea Beckles  Minister  Ministry of Planning and Development  Government of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago  
Mr. Kishan Kumarsingh  Head, Multilateral Environmental Agreements Unit  Environmental Planning and Policy Division  Ministry of Planning and Development  
Mr. Terrance Saeed Ali  Chemical Engineer  Ministry of Energy and Energy Industries  
Ms. Bianca Joy Beddoe Hassanali  Media Advisor  Climate Analytics  
Mr. Ryan Deosaran  Programme Officer  Greenhouse Gas Management Institute  
Ms. Sandra Marcia Fraser  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Energy and Energy Industries  
Ms. Rueanna La Toya Tonia Haynes  Senior Legal Advisor  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Ms. Crystal Lawrence  Environmental Officer II  Department of Environment  Tobago House of Assembly  
Mr. Chealeif Lee Wing  Project Officer  Climate Analystics  Climate Analytics GmbH  
Ms. Caroline Elizabeth Halcyon Mair-Toby  Chief Empowerment Officer  SHE Changes Climate  
Mr. Carlon Kirk Mendoza  Climate Justice Advisor  Climate Analytics  
Ms. Danielle Sookram  Research Analyst  Environmental Policy and Planning Division  Ministry of Planning and Development  
Tunisia 
S.E. Mme Najla Bouden Ep Romdhan  Cheffe de gouvernement  
H.E. Mr. Mohamed Ben Youssef  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Othman Jerandi  Minister of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Chikhaoui Ep Mahdaoui Leila  Minister of Environment  
Mr. Houssem Limem  Conseiller des affaires étrangères  Présidence du Gouvernement  
Mr. Mohamed Nouaouri  Presse  
S.E. Mme Neila Nouira Ep Gongi  Minister of Industry, mines and energy  Ministry of Industry, mines and energy  
Mr. Houssem Eddine Rezgui  Présidence du Gouvernement  
Mr. Walid Saafi  Presse  
Mr. Samir Saied  Minister of Economy and planification  
Mr. Mehdi Abdelli  Expert  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Insaf Abdelmoula  NGO  
Mme Samira Abidi Ep Chaabane  General Director  Ministère de l'Intérieur  
Mr. Rafik Aini  Directeur  Ministère de l'Agriculture, des Ressources Hydrauliques et de la Pêche  
Mr. Louai Allani  Expert  
Ms. Rabeb Aloui  Press  
Mr. Hamda Aloui  Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Monaem Amira  Deputy Secretary General  Union Générale Tunisienne du Travail  
Ms. Nada Aridhi  Expert  
Mr. Khalil Attia  Expert  
Ms. Hayet Baccouche  Expert  
Mr. Hatem Baccour  Directeur  Institut National de la Météorologie  
Mr. Faouzi Batti  Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and Fisheries  
Mr. Mohsen Ben Ali  Société tunisienne de l’électricité et du gaz  
Ms. Khouloud Ben Charfi  Expert  
Mr. Nejib Ben Chikha  Director  Ministère de l'Equipement, de l'Habitat et de l'aménagement du territoire  
Tunisia (continued) 
Mme Maroua Ben Fraj Ep Abdeli  Experte  
Mr. Zoubeir Ben Hadj Yahya  expert  
Mr. Mohamed Wael Ben Khaled  Expert  
Ms. Soumaya Ben Rached  Chef de Service  Ministry of Transportation  National Institute of Meteorology  
Mr. Lotfi ben Said  General Director  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Amira Ben Youssef  Expert  
Mr. Adel Ben Youssef  Expert  
Ms. Hamida Ben Youssef Ep Ben Youssef  Expert  
Mr. Salem Bensalma  Expert  
Ms. Sabria Bnouni  Director  Direction of International Cooperation  Ministry of Local Affairs and Environment  
Mme Najoua Bouraoui  Expert  NGO  
Mr. Mohamed Amine Boussabat  Diplomat  Ambassade de la République Tunisienne au Caire  Ministère des affaires étrangères, de la migration et des tunisiens à l’étranger  
Mr. Samir Cheffi  Secrétaire Général Adjoint  Union Générale Tunisienne du Travail  
Mr. Samir Cherif  Chef de service  Société Tunisienne d'électricité et du Gaz  
Mme Fadoua Derouiche Ep Aoun  Directrice de a coopération internationale  Ministère de la femme  
Mr. Sami Dhouib  Expert  
Mr. Kamal Djemouai  Expert  
Mr. Axel Georg Dr. Michaelowa Geb.Schmidt-Rohr  Expert  
Mme Faten El Asoued Ep Sallaouti  Expert  
Mr. Ahmed Elhadj Taieb  Expert  
Mr. Tarek Ezzine  Expert  
Mme Raoudha Gafrej  Enseignante Universitaire  Université Tunisienne  
Mr. Frédéric Philippe Gagnon-Lebrun  Expert  
Ms. Nourhene Ghanmi  Expert  
Mr. Anis Gharbi  Expert  UTICA  
Mme Hajer Gharbi  Office National de l'Assainissement  Ministère de l'Environnement  
Ms. Jihen Godhbane Ep Azzouz  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Yousef Hamami  Expert  Agence Nationale de Protection de l'Environnement  
Mr. Fethi Hanchi  General Director  Agence Nationale de la Maîtrise de l'Energie  
Mr. Mohamed Chamseddine Harrabi  Ministère de l'Agriculture, des Ressources Hydrauliques et de la Pêche  
Mr. Haikel Hechlef  Director  Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and Fisheries  
Ms. Emna Helmi Ep Mbarki  Deputy Director  Minstère de la Santé  
Mr. Zouhaier Hlaoui  Secretary General  Association tunisienne des changements climatiques et du développement durable  
Ms. Wafa Hmadi  Expert  NGO  
Ms. Afef Jaafar Epouse Limam  Agence Nationale pour la Maîtrise de l'Energie  
Mr. Atef Jaouani  Expert  
Ms. Myriam Jenayah Ep Soussi  Expert  Direction de la Coopération Internationale  Agence Nationale de Gestion des Déchets  
Mr. Mohamed Walid Jomni  expert  
Ms. Samira Jouini ép Karrach  Expert  
Mr. Jamal Jrijer  Expert  
Mr. Mohamed Faical Kadhkadhi  Expert  Union Générale Tunisienne du Travail  
Mr. Fourat Kandil  Expert  
Ms. Rawe Kefi  expert  
Mr. Mhamed Khalfa  expert  
Ms. Faten Khamassi  Cheffe de Cabinet  Ministère de l'Agriculture, des Ressources Hydrauliques et de la Pêche  
Ms. Ichrak Klai Ep Frihi  Expert  
Mr. Abderraouf Laajimi  General Director  Ministry of agriculture, water ressources and fisheries  
Ms. Marie Gabrielle Lahache  
Mr. Abderrahman Lahga  Expert  Union Générale Tunisienne du Travail  
Tunisia (continued) 
Mr. Faouzi Laouej  expert  
Ms. Daniela Lassmann  expert  
M. Jamel Louati  Directeur  Ministère de l'économie, du développement et de la promotion de l'investisseement  Ministère de l'économie, du développement et de l'appui à l'investissement  
Ms. Virginie Mahan  Expert  
Mr. Imed Manai  Ingenieur  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Nour Mansour  Expert  
M. Chokri Mezghani  Director  Ministry of Local Affairs and Environment  
Mr. Zied Mhirsi  Expert  
M. Taoufik Mustapha  Chef de Service  Ministère des Affaires Locales et de l'Environnement  
Mr. Neji Nehdi  Expert  
Ms. Fathia Neji Ep Yahyaoui  Director  Ministry of Transportation  
Mr. Atef Ouerghi  Expert  
Mme Besma Oueslati Ep Guedri  Ministry of Agriculture, Water resources and fisheries  
Mr. Mohamed Ali Raddaoui  Expert and Party Delegate  
Ms. Imen Rais Ep Mejri  Expert  
Ms. Amal Ridene  expert  
Ms. Malek Romdhane  Expert  
M. Adel Saidane  Directeur Général  Ministère des Finances  
Mme Jamila Souilah Ep Ben Souissi  
Mr. Bassem Souissi  Expert  
Ms. Hela Tlemcani Ep Mzoughi  Director  Ministry of Infrastructure  
Ms. Rihab Trabelsi  Expert  
Ms. Kaja Weldner  Expert  
Mr. Matthieu Wemaere  Expert  
Ms. Abir Yahyaoui Ep Seddik  Expert  
Mr. Khemais Zayani  genral Director  Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and Fisheries  
Ms. Roudaina Zidi Ep Warhani  Expert  
Mr. Mohamed Zmerli  Director  Ministry of Environment  
Türkiye 
H.E. Mr. Murat Kurum  Minister  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
H.E. Mr. Mehmet Emin Birpinar  Deputy Minister / Chief Negotiator  Ministry of Environment, Urbanisation and Climate Change  
Ms. Tugba Dincbas  Deputy Head  Climate Change Office  
Ms. Arzu Onsal  Deputy Head  Climate Change Office  
Mr. Orhan Solak  President  Presidency of Climate Change  Ministry of Environment, Urbanisation and Climate Change  
Ms. Aysin Turpanci  Head of Department  Presidency of Climate Change  
Ms. Büsra Sila Aksakal  ENR Assistant Expert  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Mr. Fatma Alaca  
Mr. Serhat Alici  
Mr. Hasan Umur Alsancak  
Mr. Ugur Ibrahim Altay  
Mr. Mehmet Melih Altinok  
Mr. Adnan Altay Altinors  
Ms. Yasemin Asan  
Ms. Banu Aslan  
Mr. Abdulber Aslanoglu  
Mr. Serkan Atay  
Mr. Eren Ali Atik  Turkish Grand National Assembly  
Mr. Muhammet Mufit Aydin  Parliamentarian  Turkish Grand National Assembly  
Mr. Hakan Aydogan  Environmental Engineer  Presidency of Climate Change  
Mr. Murat Bakan  Parliamentarian  Turkish Grand National Assembly  
Mr. Ahmet Evren Bal  
Ms. Aysen Balcik Sen  
Mr. Muhammet Balta  Parliamentarian  Turkish Grand National Assembly  
Ms. Heba Basaran  
Mr. Hasan Bebek  
Mr. Cavit Burak Bural  
Mr. Sadullah Butun  
Ms. Rabia Nur Cakir  
Ms. Ece Gizem Cakmak  
Mr. Umit Calikoglu  
Mr. Tugrul Camas  
Mr. Sedat Cay  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Türkiye (continued) 
Ms. Seda Cebeci  
Mr. Volkan Cebeci  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Yusuf Fatih Cekirge  
Ms. Pinar Cetin  
Ms. Didem Cevik Bal  
Ms. Ejbel Cira Duruer  
Mr. Faruk Cirit  
Mr. Ahmet Dalkiran  
Mr. Kemal Anil Demir  
Ms. Hande Deneri  
Mr. Cihad Ayberk Doner  Expert  Presidency of Climate Change  
Mr. Sadir Durmaz  parliamentarian  Great National Assembly of Turkey  
Mr. Mehrali Ecer  
Mr. Mohamed Eid  
Mr. Ekrem Bahadir Ekici  
Mr. Mithat Ekici  
Ms. Semiha Ekinci  Sivas Milletvekili  TBMM Cevre Komisyonu  
Ms. Feyza Eldeniz  
Mr. Mehmet Bugra Elkiran  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Ms. Derya Erbay  
Mr. Halil Erdogan  Advisor  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Bekir Fendoglu  Expert  Ministry of Treasury and Finance  
Mr. Onder Gurpinar  
Mr. Ersin Gurtepe  
Mr. Samet Hacilar  
Ms. Feriba Duygu Hokkaci Esirgen  
Mr. Fatih Ibis  
Mr. Mehmet Fatih Kacir  
Ms. Yasemin Kalyoncuoglu  
Mr. Eyyup Karahan  Director General  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Burak Onder Karakas  MoEU  
Mr. Abdullah Bugrahan Karaveli  
Mr. Ozgu Kasmer  
Ms. Ravza Kavakci Kan  
Ms. Elif Kaya  
Mr. Hasan Kazmaz  
Mr. Mustafa Tugay Kiliç  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Ali Osman Kilincaslan  
Mr. Murat Kinaci  
Mr. Omer Kircalar  
Mr. Cantekin Kivrak  
Ms. Aslihan Kol  
Mr. Ercan Korkmazyurek  Chief of Protocol  MoEU  
Mr. Ugur Kostekci  
Mr. Umit Kozan  
Mr. Demirhan Kucuk  
Ms. Yasemin Kurt  Ministry of Trade  
Mr. Mehmet Kurum  
Ms. Fatma Kutlay  
Ms. Tugba Evrim Maden  
Mr. Hasan Mandal  
Ms. Sevil Oksuz  
Ms. Seda Oksuz  
Mr. Murat Oral  
Mr. Mahmut Ovur  
Ms. Elif Gokce Oz  Head of Department  Presidency of Climate Change  
Mr. Suat Ozbek  
Mr. Eyup Ozsoy  Parliamentarian  Turkish Grand National Assembly  
Mr. Omer Ozturk  
Ms. Nazan Ozyurek  
Mr. Mahir Polat  Parliamentarian  Turkish Grand National Assembly  
Ms. Arife Polat Duzgun  
Ms. Fatma Sahin  
Mr. Izzet Sahin  
Ms. Gozde Sari  
Ms. Demet Savas  
Mr. Ibrahim Baris Saylan  Expert  Ministry of Treasury and Finance  
Mr. Mehmet Sekmen  
Mr. Salih Mutlu Sen  
Mr. Zeki Hakan Sidali  Parliamentarian  Turkish Grand National Assembly  
Mr. Mehmet Ali Simsek  
Ms. Nesibe Feyza Tamer  Expert  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Mr. Yusuf Ziya Tasçi  
Ms. Meryem Tasdemir  
Mr. Taha Tasdemir  
Ms. Yasar Inci Tekeli  
Ms. Sümeyra Terzi  Expert  Presidency of Climate Change  
Mr. Abdulhamit Topal  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Ms. Nejla Tugrul  
Mr. Haci Turan  Ankara Milletvekili  TBMM Cevre Komisyonu  
Mr. Haci Abdullah Ucan  
Mr. Ismail Unal  Security manager of minister  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Hasan Tahsin Usta  
Ms. Oyku Uyanik  Expert  Climate Change Office  
Türkiye (continued) 
Mr. Cemil Uyar  
Mr. Cagri Uzel  
Mr. Sukru Uzun  
Mr. Murat Yarat  
Mr. Eren Yavuz  Head of Department  Ministry of Treasury and Finance  
Mr. Salih Serdar Yegul  
Mr. Mücahid Yildiz  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Yusuf Ziya Yilmaz  Parliamentarian  Turkish Grand National Assembly  
Mr. Adem Yilmaz  
Mr. Yucel Yilmaz  
Mr. Ali Erhan Yilmaz  Head of Department  Ministry of Environment, Urbanisation and Climate Change  
Mr. Gokhan Yilmaz  Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  
Mr. Aytaç Yüksel  Director General  Ministry of Environment and Urbanization  
Mr. Osman Zolan  
Turkmenistan 
H.E. Mr. Allanur Altyyev  Minister  Ministry of Agriculture and Environment Protection  
Mr. Azat Seydibayev  Head of Agriculture and Environment Committee  Parliament of Turkmenistan  
Mr. Magtymguly Akmyradov  Counsellor  International Organisations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Farhat Orunov  Programme Analyst on Environment and Energy  UNDP Country Office in Turkmenistan  
Tuvalu 
H.E. Mr. Kausea Natano  Prime Minister  Government of Tuvalu  
H.E. Mr. Seve Paeniu  Minister of Finance  Ministry of Finance  Government of Tuvalu  
H.E. Mr. Aunese Makoi Simati  Ambassador to the UAE  Embassy of Tuvalu to the UAE  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Pepetua E Latasi  Director  Climate Change Department  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Jamie Ovia  Mitigation Policy Advisor  Climate Change Department  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Sunema Pie Simati  First Secretary  Tuvalu Embassy to the UAE  Government of Tuvalu  
H.E. Mr. Samuelu Laloniu  Permanent Representative to UN  Ministry of Justice, Communication and Foreign Affairs  Government of Tuvalu  
Mme Malama Oilau Te'o - Paeniu  Minister's Spouse  
Ms. Vaiaoga Vaisameni Lameko  GCF Tuvalu Readiness Coordinator  Climate Change Department  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Faatupu Simeti  Youth Representative  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Nikotemo Iona  Tuvalu Meteorology Service  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Christopher Kausea  
Ms. Eleala Avanitele  Communication Officer  Climate Change Department  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Tilia Tao Tima  Acting Director  Environment  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Alan Puga Resture  Program Manager  Climate Change Department  Government of Tuvalu  
Mr. Saamu Tui  Deputy Project Manager  Climate Change Department  
Mr. Falefou Tapugao  Acting Private Secretary to the Prime Minister  
Mr. Penivao Penete  Security for the Prime Minister  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mme Selepa Kausea Natano  Spouse of the Prime Minister  Government of Tuvalu  
Mme Tarataake Samuelu  
Ms. Moe Tuisiga Saitala Paulo  Environment Impact Assesment Officer  Department of Environment  Government of Tuvalu  
Ms. Nese Ituaso Conway  Secretary  Ministry of Public Works, Infrastructure, Environment, Labour, Meteorology and Disaster  Government of Tuvalu  
Uganda 
H.E. Ms. Beatrice Atim Odwong  Minister of State for Environment  Ministry of Water and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Sam Mangusho Cheptoris  Minister of Water and Environment  Ministry of Water and Environment  
H.E. Ms. Rebecca Alitwala Kadaga  First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of East African Community Affairs  Office of the Prime Minister  
H.E. Ms. Mary Gorretti Kimono Kitutu  Minister  Ministry for Karamoja Affairs  
Uganda (continued) 
H.E. Ms. Judith Nalule Nabakooba  Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development  Ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development  
H.E. Ms. Ruth Ssentamu Nankabirwa  Minister of Energy and Mineral Development  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development  
H.E. Mr. Bright Kanyontore Rwamirama  Minister of State for Animal Industry  Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries  
Mr. Edward Mugaddu Isabirye  Principal Geologist  Ministry of Energy and Minerals Development  
Ms. Doreen Abamurungi  Environmental Officer  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development  
Ms. Florence Grace Adongo  Commissioner  Water Quality Management  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Pamela Agaba  Senior Water Officer  Department of International and Transboundary Water Affairs  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Caroline Aguti  Principal Environment Officer/Health, Safety and Environment  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development  
Mr. Joshua Apamaku Aiita  Makerere University  
Mr. Barirega Akankwasah  Executive Director  National Environment Management Authority  
Ms. Patriciah Roy Akullo  Climate Advisor  Danish Church Aid / ACT Alliance  
Ms. Justine Akumu  Energy Officer  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development  
Ms. Charity Alesi  Researcher  Parliament  
Mr. Angua Mao Amis  Executive Director  African Centre for a Green Economy  
Ms. Jacquiline Amongin  Member of the East African Community Parliament  East African Community  
Ms. Irene Anena  Project Coordinator  Church of Uganda  
Ms. Brenda Apili  Project Officer Environment  
Mr. Bwango Apuuli  Chairperson Board  Uganda National Meteorological Authority  
Mr. Lawrence Aribo  Principal  National Meteorological Training School  Uganda National Meteorological Authority  
Ms. Esther Asinde  Second Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Eunice Asinguza  Senior Legal Counsel  National Environment Management Authority  
Ms. Margaret Mwebesa Athieno  Commissioner, Climate Change  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Susan Atim  Secretary to the Minister of State for Environment  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Elsie Gyekyewaa Attafuah  Resident Representative  United Nations Development Programme Uganda  
Ms. Rita Atukwasa  Member of Parliament  Parliament  
Mr. Churchill Tophill Bacwa  Advisor East Africa Region  Tree Global Inc.  
Mr. Joseph Basikhan Bahati  Deputy Director  Presidential Initiative on Banana Industrial Development  
Mr. Engineer Bainomugisha  Air Quality Scientist  Makerere University  
Mr. Gerald Banaga-Baingi  Assistant Commissioner Technical Planning  Ministry of Energy and Minerals Development  
Ms. Margaret Barihaihi  Deputy International Coordinator  Oxfam  
Ms. Irene Pauline Bateebe  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Energy and Minerals Development  
Mr. David Bateganya  
Mr. Charles Batte  Executive Director  Tree Adoption Uganda  
Mr. Henry Bbosa  Senior Climate Change Officer - International Relations  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Warren Brian James Beckett  The Giants Club  
Mr. Million Belay  General Coordinator  Alliance for Food Sovereignty in Africa  
Mr. Mpindi Bumali  Member of Parliament  Parliament  
Mr. Timothy Richard Butcher  The Giants Club  
Ms. Flavia Byekwaso  Senior Climate Change Officer  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Uganda (continued) 
Ms. Sophie Andree A. De Coninck  Global Climate Facility Manager Local Climate Adaptive Living Facility (Local)  United Nations Capital Development Fund  
Mr. Jean-Pierre Gray Douglas-Henry  Partner, DLA Piper  Africa Investor  
Mr. Joseph Epitu  Commissioner  Water and Environment Sector Liason  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Oriono Joseph Eyatu  Commissioner  Rural Water  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Ebony Brie Holland  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Stephen Koma Idha  Acting Commissioner  Ministry of Local Government  
Ms. Lillian Idrakua  Commissioner  Water Quality Management  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Chekwoti Irene  Senior Climate Change Officer-Mitigation  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Freddie Kabango  Assistant Commissioner  Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries  
Ms. Susan Kageye  Technical Advisor - Energy Sector  State House  
Ms. Jovrine Kaliisa  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Uganda  
Ms. Imelda Kanzomba  Principal Agricultural Officer  Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries  
Mr. Richard Kapere  Senior Planning and Environment Impact Assessment Officer  Uganda Wildlife Authority  
Mr. Allan Kasagga  Director, Finance  National Environment Management Authority  
Ms. Carolyn Kasisira  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Edith Kateme - Kasajja  National Planning Authority  
Ms. Pamela Jacqueline Kaudha  
Mr. James Kaweesi  Assistant Commissioner  Policy and Planning  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Bob Kazungu  Acting Assistant Commissioner  Forestry Sector Support Services  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Badru Malimbo Kiggundu  National Water and Sewerage Corporation  
Mr. Dan Kibuuka Kiguli  Manager CDM UMSCP  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Herbert Tom Kinobere  Member of Parliament  Parliament  
Mr. Joseph Kobusheshe  Director  Petroleum Authority of Uganda  
Mr. Benjamin Kumumanya  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Local Government  
Mr. Robert Kweyunga Kwesiga  Secretary General  Uganda Red Cross Society  
Mr. Mark Guti Longole  Mercy Corps  
Mr. Fred Machulu Onduri  Advisor, Youth Go Green Initiative  Youth Go Green Uganda  
Mr. John Faith Magolo  Member of Parliament  Parliament  
Ms. Jesca Malowa Makoha  
Mr. Augustine Kagonyera Masiko  Agriculture Sector Entreprenuer  Private Sector Group  
Ms. Winnie Masiko  
Ms. Emily Atieno Ojoo Massawa  
Ms. Rachel Ciconco Mbabazi  Director  National Water and Sewerage Corporation  
Ms. Sarah Maria McIvor  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Denis Mugagga  Economist  Development Assistance and Regional Cooperation  Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development  
Ms. Bridget Mugambe  Programme Coordinator  Alliance for Food Sovereignty in Africa  
Ms. Martha Nyakato Mugarura  Ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development  
Mr. Maurice Herbert Mugisha  Uganda Broadcasting Coperation  
Mr. Herbert Magyezi Mugizi  PRINCIPAL ENGINEER  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development  
Mr. Sam Koojo Mugume  Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development  
Mr. Juvenal Ntacyo Muhumuza  Ag. Assistant Commissioner  Development Assistance and Regional Cooperation  Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development  
Mr. Edwin Muhumuza  Parliament of Uganda  
Ms. Clare Mujurizi  Clerk to the Committee on Climate Change  
Uganda (continued) 
Mr. Musa Mukulu  Manager Research and Business Development  Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development  
Ms. Kutesa Nayebare Shartsi Musherure  
Ms. Gloria Musimenta  Senior Immigration Officer  Ministry of Internal Affairs  
Mr. Isaac Mutenyo  Programme Coordinator Uganda Support to Municiapl Infrastructure Development  Ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development  
Mr. Albert Jonathan Stephen Muwaya  Senior Rangeland Ecologist  Directorate of Animal Resources  Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries  
Mr. Khalid Yakub Muwembe  Principal Meteorological Officer  Civil Aviation Authority  
Mr. Brian phenox Mwanika  Member of Parliament  Parliament  
Ms. Rose Njoki Mwaniki  
Mr. Charles Mutabazi Mwesige  Ag. Manager Environment  Uganda National Oil Company  
Mr. Doreen Naiga  Critical Mass Kampala  
Ms. Christine Kaaya Nakimwero  Member of Parliament  Parliament of Uganda  
Ms. Mary Mukiibi Nakitende  Programme Finance Manager  Ministry of Local Government  
Ms. Sana Siraj Musanje Naluwembe  HDF Energy  
Mr. Didacus Bambaiha Namanya  Geographer  Community Health  Ministry of Health  
Ms. Susan Nanduddu  Executive Director  African Centre for Trade and Development  
Ms. Ashabrick Bamutaze Nantege  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Gorret Mary Jo Nassuna  Personal Assistant to the Minister  Ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development  
Mr. Bob Natifu  Assistant Commissioner  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Michael Mugerwa Dr. Nkambo  General Manager Refinery  Uganda National Oil Company  
Ms. Jane Frances Nyafuono  Senior Research Officer  Ministry of Health  
Mr. Emmanuel Monday Odongo  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Francis Ogwal Sabino Meri  Natural Resources Management Specialist  National Environment Management Authority  
Mr. Martin Ojok  Climate Change Officer Adaptation  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Patrick Okabe  Member of Parliament  Parliament  
Mr. Tom Obong Okello  
Mr. Walter Okello  Assistant Commissioner  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Isaac Orena Okiror  Information Technology Officer  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Alfred Okot Okidi  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Deo Okure  Air Quality Scientist  Makerere University  
Mr. Mackay Akoori Ecuman Okure  
Mr. Issa Oluka  Ministry of East African Community Affairs  
Mr. Francis Opolot  Principal Officer  Climate Change Department  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Oliver John Poole  The Giants Club  
Mr. Tom Ndamira Rukundo  Director Natural Forests Management  National Forestry Authority  
Mr. Sanusi Tejan Savage  Chief of Mission - Uganda  International Organization for Migration  
Ms. Aphwa Kawaase Sebyala  Board Member  Uganda National Meteorological Authority  
Mr. Derick Senyonga  Senior Climate Change Officer  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Ms. Patricia Claire Shakya  Director, Climate Change  International Institute for Environment and Development  
Mr. Theis Simonsen  CEO, DECARD  Africa Investor  
Mr. James Sseguya  Principal Engineer  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Simon Ssekitoleko  Assistant Commissioner  Ministry of Energy and Minerals Development  
Mr. Tonny Sserubiri  Principal Geologist/Exploration  Ministry of Energy and Minerals Development  
Uganda (continued) 
Mr. Richard Sserunjoji  Air Quality Scientist  Makerere University  
Ms. Barbara Gracia Tabea  Intern  UNESCO Uganda National Commission  
Mr. William Tayebwa  Principal Environment Officer  Ministry of East African Community Affairs  
Mr. Callist Tindimugaya  
Mr. Byempaka Turyahabwe  Senior Energy Officer  East African Community  
Mr. Richard Vvube  Senior Environment Officer  Kalungu District Local Government  
Mr. Arnold Ayazika Waiswa  Ag. Executive Director  National Environment Management Authority  
Ukraine 
Mr. Ruslan Strilets  Minister  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources  
Ms. Svitlana Grynchuk  Deputy Minister for European Integration  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources  
Mr. Ruslan Nechai  Counsellor  Embassy of Ukraine in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Oleksii Kuzmenkov  Head  State Agency of Water Resources of Ukraine  
Mr. Viktor Smal  Deputy Head  State Forest Resources Agency of Ukraine  
Ms. Mariia Shpanchyk  Head of Department  State Agency of Water Resources of Ukraine  
Ms. Svitlana Skrynnyk  Head of Division  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources  
Ms. Alla Loboda  Director  European Integration and International Cooperation Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources  
Ms. Yevheniia Simkova  Deputy Head of Department  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources  
Ms. Olha Yukhymchuk  Head of Division  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources  
Ms. Olena Hrypych  Chief Specialist  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources  
Mr. Mykhailo Chyzhenko  Chief Specialist  Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources  
Mr. Oleksii Riabchyn  Advisor  Naftogaz  
Ms. Daryna Kulaha  Head of Division  Naftogaz  
Ms. Tetyana Taruta  National Expert  
Ms. Nataliya Kushko  National Expert  
Ms. Olha Gassan-Zadeh  National Expert  
United Arab Emirates 
H.H. Mr. Shaikh Mohamed Bin Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nehayan  President of the United Arab Emirates  
H.H. Mr. Shaikh Hamdan Mohd Bin Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nehayan  Member of Ruling Family, Abu Dhabi  
H.E. Ms. Mariam Hareb AlMheiri  Minister of Climate Change and  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
H.E. Ms. Shaikha Salim Al Dhaheri  Secretary General Office  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Hana Al Hashimi  Chief Negotiations  COP28 Office  
H.E. Mr. Awaidha Al Marar  Chairman  Abu Dhabi Department of Energy  
H.E. Ms. Razan Al Mubarak  IUCN President  International Union for Conservation of Nature  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Al Muhairbi  Secretary General DSCE  Dubai Supreme Council of Energy  
H.H. Mr. Shaikh Mohammed Bin Hamad Bin Tahnoon Al Nahyan  Advisor of Presidential Court  
H.H. Ms. Sheikha Shamma Al Nahyan  Chief Executive Officer  The Alliance for Global Sustainability  
H.E. Mr. Majid Al Suwaidi  Director General  COP28 Office  
H.E. Mr. Saeed Al Tayer  MD and CEO  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Ms. Muna AlAmoodi  Director, Climate Change Department  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Maryam Mohamed Alfalahi  
H.E. Mr. Adnan AlHammadi  Member of Parliament  Federal National Council  
H.E. Mr. Essa Alhashmi  Assistant Undersecretry for Green Development and Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Dr. Sultan AlJaber  Minister of Industry and Advanced Technology and Special Envoy for Climate Change  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Mr. Ammar AlMualla  Education and Technology Sciences Attaché-Cairo and Non-Resident in Tunisia-Rabat- Amman C  Education and Technology Sciences Attaché Office - U.A.E Embassy - Egypt  
H.E. Mr. Sheikh Shakhbut Bin Nahyan Alnahyan  Minister of State  Official Delegation  
H.H. Mr. Sheikh Tahnoon Bin Zayed AlNahyan  National Security Advisor of UAE  Official Delegation  
H.H. Mr. Shaikh Mansoor Bin Zayed Alnehayan  Minister of Presidential Court  Official Delegation  
H.H. Mr. Shaikh Abdulla Bin Zayed Alnehayan  Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
H.E. Mr. Ali Mohammed Alshamsi  Deputy Secretary- General of the Supreme Council for National Security  
H.E. Mr. Dr. Thani AlZeyoudi  Minister of State for Foreign Trade  
H.E. Ms. Shamma AlMazrui  Minister of State for Youth  Ministry of Culture and Youth  
H.E. Ms. Mariam Elkaabi  Ambassador of U.A.E to Arab Republic of Egypt  MOFAIC  
H.E. Mr. Saqr Ghobash  Speaker  Federal National Council  
H.E. Mr. Dalal Yassin  Head  Zayed Sustainability Prize  
H.E. Mr. Jasem Yousef Almansoori  Head of President Guards  
Mr. H.E Mohamed Al Hammadi  Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer  ENEC  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Al Rumaithi  Undersecretary  Department of Energy  
H.E. Mr. Abdulmenem Alhashemi  Deputy Head of President Guards  
H.E. Mr. Matar Alhumairi  Deputy Head of President Guards  
H.E. Mr. Moammed Abdulla Aljnibi  Chief of Presidential Protocol  
H.E. Mr. Adnan Amin  Senior Advisor  Political  COP28 Office  
Mr. Omar Al Braiki  Head Negotiations  COP28 Office  
H.E. Ms. Reem Al Falasi  Director General  The Supreme Council for Motherhood and Childhood  
H.E. Mr. Tariq Al Gurg  Chief Executive Officer and Vice-Chairman  Dubai Cares  
H.E. Mr. Abdulla Al Mandous  Director General  National Center of Meteorology  
H.E. Ms. Mouza AlAmeri  Member of Parliament  Federal National Council  
H.E. Ms. Afra Albasti  Assit General Secretary of FNC  Federal National Council  
H.E. Mr. Tareq Almarzooqi  Assit. General Secretary of FNC  Federal National Council  
H.E. Mr. Omar AlNuaimi  Secretary General of FNC  Federal National Council  
H.E. Ms. Sameera AlRemeithi  Secretary General of Federal Authority P.SN  Presidential Protocol  
H.E. Mr. Abdulla Alremeithi  Head, General Services  Masdar  
H.E. Ms. Sheikha Alteneiji  Member of Parliament  Federal National Council  
H.E. Ms. Nedal Alteneiji  Member of Parliament  Federal National Council  
Mr. Ebraheim Yousuf  Deputy Director of Readiness Assessment Center  Ministry of Interior  
Mr. Musabbeh Al Kaabi  Manager, Government Affairs  TAQA  
Mr. Bader Abbas  Project Manager  COP28 Office  
Ms. Aisha Abdalla AlAli  Dubai Police  
Mr. Ahmed Abdelmouti  Senior Advisor  Department of Energy  
Mr. Mohammed Abdelqader El Ramahi  Director, Asset Management and Technical Services  Masdar  
Mr. Mohamed Abdelsalam  Research Engineer  Khalifa University  
Mr. Muhammad Abdu El Sayed  Specialist  Communications  COP28 Office  
Mr. Ebrahim Abdulla Abdulla  International Cooperation Department  Ministry of Interior  
Ms. Amna Abdulla Ahmad Abdulla Abulhoul  Executive Creative Director  Expo City Dubai  
Ms. Alreem Abdulla Ali Hussain  Dubai Police  
Mr. Sultan Abdullah Alowais  Dubai Police  
Ms. Heba Aboukhousa  Assistant Professor  Ajman University  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Ms. Farah Ziad Abu Laban  Account manager  Masdar  
Ms. Hager Abunahwa  Process Engineer / Masdar WiSER Pioneer  Masdar  
Ms. Hoor Ahli  Student  New York University, Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Alia Ahli  student  Zayed University  
Mr. Mohamed Ahmed Juma  Dubai Police  
Ms. Rahaf Ajaj  Assistant Professor in Environment, Health and Safety  Abu Dhabi University  
Mr. Jamal Al Alawi  Government Communication Specialist  Government Communication  
Ms. Zainab Al Ali  Head of Outreach and Stakeholder Relations  Masdar  
Ms. Thuraya Al Ali  Senior Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Ms. Meera Al ali  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Abdulrahman Al Ali  Head of the Projects Section Secretary General Office  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Fatima Al Ameri  Project Manager  Vice President's Office for Political Affairs  
Ms. Buthaina Al Bastaki  Assistant Project Manager  Ministry of Industry and Advanced Technology  
Ms. Mona Al Baz  Manager, Digital Communications  Masdar  
Mr. Sultan Al Blooshi  Senior Accountant  The Executive Office  COP28  
Ms. Shamsa Al Blooshi  Stakeholder Interface Officer  ENEC  
Mr. Ahmed Al Bloushi  Modeling Section Head / Acting  Department of Energy  
Mr. Mohamed Al Braiki  Strategy and Planning Director  ENEC  
Mr. Askar Al Breiki  Head of Training Center  National Center of Meteorology  
Ms. Rumaitha Al Busaidi  Council Member  Arab Youth Council for Climate Change  
Mr. Khalfan Al Dhaheri  Protocol - MOFAIC  MOFAIC  
Mr. Ahmed Al ghardaqa  Diplomat & Senior Legal Researcher for Bilateral Agreements  MOFAIC  
Mr. Suhail Al ghfeli  Professor  Zayed University  
Ms. Maitha Al Hameli  Section Manager – Marine Assessment & Conservation, Terrestrial & Marine Biodiversity  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Mr. Khalaf Al Hammadi  Director of Strategy and Future  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Ahmed Abdullah Al hammadi  Environment & Climate Change Policies Senior Specialist  Department of Energy  
Mr. Saood Al Harthi  Enterprise Communications Director  ENEC  
Mr. Tariq Al Hashimi  Energy Policy & Strategy Section Head  Department of Energy  
Mr. Hamed Al Hashmi  Senior Engineer - Space Projects Development  UAE Space Agency  
Ms. Rawdah Al hemeiri  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Saeed Al Hemeiri  Dy Sr Mgr - Corporate Communic  DEWA  
Ms. Sara Al Hilali  Senior Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Ms. Eiman Al Hosani  technical attache  UAE Embassy-Cairo  
Mr. Mohamed Al Hussaini  Minister of State for Financial Affairs  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Shaima Al Jarman  Director, Marketing and Corporate Communications  Masdar  
Ms. Yara Al Jitan  Projects Coordinator  Arab Youth Center  
Mr. Nasser Al Kaabi  Head of Media Section at the U.A.E Embassy in Cairo  MOFAIC  
Mr. Hamdan Al Khoori  International Cooperation Officer  ENEC  
Mr. Amer Al Kindi  Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Ms. Fatma Al kutbi  Student  Zayed University  
Ms. Shamma Al Malek  Strategy Development Director  Department of Energy  
Ms. Maitha Al Mansouri  Assistant Scientist - Flora  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Mr. Hamad Al marar  Regulatory Affairs Sector Executive Director  Department of Energy  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Ms. Sara Al marri  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Dr Fahad Al Maskari  Director, Engagement  Khalifa University  
Ms. Alya Al Mazrouei  Director - UAEREP  National Center of Meteorology  
Mr. Omran Al Mazrouei  Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Mr. Ahmed Al Mazroui  Nuclear Research and Development Vice President  ENEC  
Ms. Aisha Al Mazroui  Project Manager - Sustainable Campus Initiative, Environmental Information, Science & Outreach Management  Environment Agency- Abu Dhabi  
Mr. Ahmed Al Mulla  Senior Manager, Business Development  Masdar  
Ms. Nasreen Al Nadabi  COP28  
Mr. Ahmad Al Nasser  Dubai Police  
Mr. Saood Al Noori  Senior Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Mr. Khaleefa Al Qubaisi  Director  Business Support  COP28  
Mr. Mohamed Al Ramahi  Chief Executive Officer  Masdar  
Ms. Salama Al Remeithi  Head Of Protocol Section  Ministry of Presidential  
Mr. Abdulla Al Remeithi  Acting Director - Environment Policy and Planning  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Sharifa Al Riyami  Assistant Manager, Communications  Zayed Sustainability Prize  
Ms. Asma Adnan Al Sadeq  Senior Administrative Assistant- Secretary General Office  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Mr. Mohamed Al Sallal  Senior Programs Officer  Dubai Cares  
Mr. Ahmed Al Salmi  Senior Stakeholder Interface Specialist  ENEC  
Ms. Shaikha Al shafar  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Hasan Al Shamsi  Colonel  Abu Dhabi Police  
Mr. Mohammed Al Sharif  Officer, Support Services & Government Relations  Masdar  
Mr. Mohammed Al Shehhi  Director, Delivery, Bids and Supply Chain  Masdar  
Mr. Abdulla Al Shehhi  Head of Strategic Research  UAE Space Agency  
Mr. Zayed Al Shuaibi  Chairman Office Manager  Department of Energy  
Mr. Ahmed Al Suwaidi  Corporate Communication and Brand Director  Department of Energy  
Ms. Ayesha Al suwaidi  Section Manager - Planning  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Mada Al Suwaidi  Program Manager  Dubai Cares  
Ms. Eman Al Suwaidi  Senior Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Ms. Sara Al Yammahi  University Student  University of Science and Technology of Fujairah  
Ms. Maryam Al yammahi  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Omar Al Yazeedi  Director Research, Development and Training  National Center of Meteorology  
Ms. Nouf Al Zaabi  International Cooperation Specialist  ENEC  
Ms. Mouza Al Zaabi  Assisstant Scientist - Air Qulaity and Climate Change  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Mr. Majid Al Zarooni  Nuclear Fuel QS Engineer  ENEC  
Mr. Sultan Al Zeidi  Senior Engineer - Space Projects Development  UAE Space Agency  
Mr. Yousef Al-Akraf  EVP BS&HR  DEWA  
Ms. Nawal Al-Hosany  The Permanente Representative of the UAE to IRENA  UAE Mission to IRENA  
Mr. Hazem Hisham Hamed Al-Qawasmeh  Senior Advisor; Secretary General  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Mr. Sami AlAbboud  Photographer  Federal National Council  
Mr. Abdulla Alali  Head of the Education Committee in the Emirati Childrens Parliament  The Supreme Council for Motherhood and Childhood  
Mr. Hesham Alali  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Dina Alalusse  
Mr. Mohd Alam  Senior Specialist  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Maitha AlAmeemi  Protocol  Presidential Protocol  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Ms. Sara AlAmeri  Diplomat  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Maitha Alameri  Student  Zayed University  
Ms. Shamma Alameri  Student  Zayed University  
Ms. Hana AlAslai  Senior Executive, International Relations  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Saud Alattar  Dubai Police  
Ms. Fatma Alawi  Deputy Director of Operations  Expo City Dubai  
Mr. Ahmed Albairaq  Media expert  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Maitha AlBannai  Student  Zayed University  
Ms. Manal Shawqi A AlBayat  Chief Engagement Officer  Expo City Dubai  
Mr. Ahmed Albedwawi  Admin Team  MOFAIC  
Ms. Shaima Alblooshi  Project Manager the 12th World Environmental Education Congress  Environment Agency- Abu Dhabi  
H.E. Ms. Amna AlDahak Alshamsi  Assistant Under Secretary of Care and Capacity Building  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Khaled Aldhaheri  Director of Visits Department  MOFAIC  
Mr. Obaid AlDhanhani  Third Secretary in Minister of State Office  MOFAIC  
Mr. Abduljaleel AlFaheem  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Mohammed AlGhefli  Minister's Office  
Mr. Salem Alghfeli  Lieutenant  Ministry of Interior  
Mr. Abdulla Alghithi  Dubai Police  
Mr. Dr Ghaleb Alhadrami  Acting Vice Chancellor  UAE University  
Ms. Fatima Alhallami  Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Mr. Rashed AlHameli  Logistic  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Humaid Alhammadi  Mgr - Special Projects  DEWA  
Ms. Fatima Alhammadi  Economic Affairs Specialist  MOFAIC  
Ms. Khuloud AlHammadi  International Engagements Specialist  Ministry of Culture and Youth  
Ms. Maitha Alhammadi  Senior Research Analyst  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Abdelrahman Alhammadi  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Naser Abdulhameed Ahmed Alhammadi  Sustainability Engineer  Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure  
Ms. Nawal Alhanaee  Director of Future Energy Dept  Future Energy Department  Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure  
Mr. Sultan Alharthi  Member of Arab Youth Center For Climate Change  Arab Youth Council for Climate Change  
Ms. Radheya AlHashmi  Managing Director- Government Accelerator Center  Prime Minister's Office  
Mr. Jaafar Alhashmi  Treasury Director  ENEC  
Mr. Ali AlHashmi  Director, S&T Policies & Programmes  Ministry of Industry and Advanced Technology  
Ms. Thuraiya Alhashmi  Project Manager  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Rashed Alhassani  Major  Ministry of Interior  
Ms. Fatima Alhebshi  Head of International Affairs of Climate Change Section  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Omar Alhebsi  Admin Team  MOFAIC  
Mr. Abdulrahman Alhebsi  Office Manager  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Mohamed Alhebsi  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Abdulla AlHemeiri  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Faye Alhersh  Technology Specialist, Strategy  Masdar  
Ms. Samyah Alhmoudi  Director of Media Dept.  Federal National Council  
Ms. Emina Alibegovic  School Teacher  United World College  
Ms. Abdulaziz Aljaberi  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Reem Aljaberi  Student  Zayed University  
Ms. Fatma ALJanahi  Senior Specialist -Student skills development  Ministry of Education  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Mr. Saif Aljawali  Dubai Police  
Mr. Mansour AlJneibi  Senior Protocol and Hospitality Specialist  MOFAIC  
Mr. Hazzaa Aljneibi  Abu Dhabi ports  
Mr. Mohammed AlKaabi  Protocol Manager  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. H.E. Helal Alkaabi  
Ms. Maitha Alkaabi  Intern, Negotiations  COP28 Office  
Mr. Mohammed AlKaabi  Head of Sheikh Abdulla Guards  
Mr. Khudoom AlKaabi  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Abdulrahman AlKaabi  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Obaid Alketbi  Deputy Director of General Department of Protective Security  Dubai Police  
Mr. Suhail Alketbi  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Alghabshi Alketbi  
Ms. Fatema AlKhateeb  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Abdulla AlKhoori  Head of Gift Section  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Eman Alkhoori  Senior Director Strategic Storytelling  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Fatima AlKhyeli  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Sara AlMahri  Director  Diplomatic Engagement  COP28  
Mr. Salem Almakrani  Partinership and Project Executive  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Maha AlMansoori  Integrated Operation Center  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Hasan AlMansoori  Events  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Omar Almansoori   Senior Legal Researcher , Cases and Investigation  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Mezna Almansouri  Rapporteur the Emirati Children's Parliament  The Supreme Council for Motherhood and Childhood  
Mr. Mohamed Almansouri  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Ahmed Almarar  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Mahra Almarri  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Hamad AlMarri  Protocol  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Abdulla Almarzooqi  
Ms. Shaima AlMarzooqi  Senior Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Ms. Nada Almarzooqi  Director of the Department of Public Health and Prevention  Ministry Of Health & Prevention  
Mr. Sami AlMarzooqi  Integrated Operation Center  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Naseibah Almarzooqi  Director of Studies, Research and Development  Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure  
Ms. Sara Almarzooqi  Student  University of Science  
Ms. Haleema AlMarzouqi  Senior Safety Analysis Engineer  ENEC  
Ms. Sara AlMazeouei  Protocol  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Saif Mohayer Almazrouei  Dubai Police  
Mr. Fahad AlMehairbi  Hospitality  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Ahmed AlMehrizi  Head Of Hospitality Section  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Hala Almehrzi  
Ms. Mariam Salem Almemari  Manager Office of Impact at SHF  
Mr. Mohamed Almesafri  Lieutenant  Ministry of Interior  
Mr. Hussien Almessabi  Second Secretary at U.A.E in cairo  MOFAIC  
Ms. Ashwaq Almessabi  Administrative Senior Officer  Negotiation  COP28 Office  
H.E. Mr. Saif Almheiri  CEO  Abu Dhabi Maritime  
Mr. Saeed AlMheiri  Protocol officer  Federal National Council  
Mr. Musaed Almheiri  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Juma AlMheiri  Director of Protocol  Federal National Council  
Mr. Hamad AlMheiri  Project Manager, the Executive Office  COP28 Office  
Mr. Khamis AlMheiri  Protocol  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Reem Almuraikhi  Teacher \ member of AYCCC  Ministry of Education  
Mr. Omar Almutawa  Senior Research Analyst  Prime Minister's Office  
Ms. Meera Almutawa  Manager SHF  
Mr. Waleed Alnaqbi  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Mr. Bader Alnaqbi  Head of Protocol Section  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Abdelrahman Alnaqbi  Chief of Staff of the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International cooeration  MOFAIC  
Mr. Ali Alnaqbi  Admin Team  MOFAIC  
Ms. Bashayer Alnaqbi  Protocol and Hospitality Specialist  MOFAIC  
Mr. Khalifa AlNeyadi  Integrated Operation Center  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Rashed Hamad AlNuaimi  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Nouf AlQadi  Specialist  EAD  
Mr. Faisal Alqaydi  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Sultan AlQubaisi  Minister's Office  
Mr. Sultan AlQubaisi  Hospitality  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Mariam AlQubaisi  Protocol  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Fatma Alraeesi  Student  Zayed University  
Ms. Sameera ALRais  Senior director of policy and strategy - sustinalbe development  The Executive Council Dubai  
Mr. Hassan AlRemeithi  Protocol  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Saleh AlSaadi  First Secretary of U.A.E Embassy Cairo  MOFAIC  
Ms. Shamma AlSaedi  Integrated Operation Center  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Maryam Ibrahim Abdulaziz Alsafran AlHajeri  Deputy Operational Head  Expo City Dubai  
Ms. Sheereen Alsayegh  Senior Specialist - External communication, PR & Communications  EAD  
Ms. Dr Maisoon AlShaali  Head of Environmental Health Section  Ministry Of Health & Prevention  
Mr. Abdulla ALShaikh  Dubai Police  
Mr. Abdulla Alshamsi  Lieutenant  Ministry of Interior  
Mr. Mohammed Alshamsi  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Saif Alshamsi  
Mr. Abdulla AlShamsi  Senior Project Manager  Prime Minister's Office  
H.E. Mr. Ahmed AlShamsi  CEO, Emirates Foundation  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Mohammed Alshamsi  
Mr. Juma AlShamsi  Protocol and Hospitality Specialist  MOFAIC  
Mr. Harib Mohammad AlShamsi  Deputy Director for Administration of Affairs  Dubai Police  
Ms. Jawaher AlShamsi  Research Analyst  Ministry of Culture and Youth  
Mr. Khaled Alshamsi  Media Coordinator  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Mohammed AlShamsi  Chief Climate change & Sustainability Officer  DEWA  
Mr. Mohamed AlShamsi  Minister's Office  
Mr. Sultan Alshamsi  Lieutenant  Ministry of Interior  
Ms. Eiman Alshareif  Economic Affairs Specialist  MOFAIC  
Mr. Abdulla Alshehhi  Dubai Police  
Mr. Rashed Alshehhi  Second Secretary of U.A.E Embassy Cairo  MOFAIC  
Mr. Sulaiman Alshehhi  
Mr. Mohammed Alshehhi  First Secretary of U.A.E Embassy Cairo  MOFAIC  
Ms. Roudha Alshehhi  Head of European Affaris section  Federal National Council  
Mr. Eisa AlSubousi  Senior Manager of Salama Bint Hamdan AlNahyan Foundation  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Ayesha AlSuwaidi  Ministers Office UAE  
Mr. Nayla AlSuwaidi  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Ahmad Abdulla Alsuwaidi  Dubai Police  
Ms. Fatma AlSuwaidi  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Saif ALtaee  Senior Analyst, Real Estate Operations  Masdar  
Ms. Shaikha AlTeneiji  Outreach Officer  Masdar  
Mr. Dr. Ali AlTunaiji  Director General of Federal Central Operations  Ministry of Interior  
Mr. Mohamed Alulama  Manager, Events  Masdar  
Ms. Haya AlZaabi  Specialist  Ministry of Industry and Advanced Technology  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Ms. Dr. Tarifa Alzaabi  Director General  International Center for Biosaline Agriculture  
Ms. Sara Alzaabi  SR. Engineer  Climate Change & Sustainability  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Mr. Hasan AlZaabi  Protocol  Presidential Protocol  
Mr. Hamad Alzaabi  Director of Ministers Office  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Rashid Abdulla AlZaabi  Partnerships and International Relations Specialist  UAE Space Agency  
Ms. Aaesha Alzaabi  Analyst  The Executive Council Dubai  
Ms. Sabiha Ameen  Student  American University of Sharjah  
Ms. Arab Ameerah  Senior Specialist  Events  COP28  
Mr. Dr. Khalil Ammar  Program Leader, Sustainable Natural Resources Management, Principal Scientist - Hydrology/Hydrogeology  International Center for Biosaline Agriculture  
Ms. Alina Anas  Student  American University of Sharjah  
Ms. Haya Aseer  Senior Projects Lead  Arab Youth Center  
Mr. BASSEm ATTWAn  Fujairah Environment Authority technical Advisor  Fujairah Environment Authority  
Ms. Amal Ayyash  Senior Admin Coordinator  Environment Agency - Abu Dhabi  
Mr. Jason Bacli Albaro  School Teacher  Muntinlupa High School  
Ms. Esraa Bani  Head of Community Outreach  New York University  
Ms. Gabriel Basques  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Dr. Luis Augusto Becerra Lopez-Lavalle  Chief Scientist  International Center for Biosaline Agriculture  
Ms. Noora Bilal  Diplomatic Attache  MOFAIC  
Mr. Marwan Bin Haidar  EVP I&TF  DEWA  
Mr. Waleed Bin Salman  EVP BD&E  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Ms. Carl Binondo  Senior Specialist Design  COP28  
Mr. Rahul Binyani  Project Manager, the Executive Office  Climate Envoy  
Mr. Nigel Bishop  Manager  Event Operations  COP28  
Mr. Matthew Gavin Brown  Operations Director  Expo City Dubai  
Mr. Jorge Camara  Communication Advisor  ENEC  
Ms. Florencia Caro  Head  Diplomatic Engagement  COP28 Office  
Ms. Shireen Chaya  Programs Technical Advisor  Dubai Cares  
H.E. Mr. Oisin Commane  Head, ADSW  Masdar  
Ms. Roa Daher  Protocol and International Relations Specialist   Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. James Daniels  Lead, Corporate Communications  Masdar  
Mr. Huw Davies  Senior Advisor, Strategy  COP28 Office  
Ms. Ribal Dayekh  Specialist-Pr&Media  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Ms. Helena de Jong  Senior Specialist  Partnerships  COP28 Office  
Mr. James Dean  Senior Advisor  Operations  COP28 Office  
Ms. Lubna Derzada  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Alexandar Sholto Dougles-Home  Chief Sales & Marcomms Officer  Expo City Dubai  
Mr. Mohamed Edris  Director Expo 2020  Expo 2020 Dubai  
Ms. Suzanna Elmassah  Professor of Sustainabilty  Zayed University  
Ms. Jamila Elmir  Advisor  The Executive Council Dubai  
Mr. Aaron Fallon  Director of Office of Impact at SHF  
Ms. Marjan Abdulmajid Mohamed Sharif Faraidooni  Chief HR & Visitor Experience Officer  Expo City Dubai  
Ms. Sara Faraj  Coordination & Follow-up Executive, Partnerships & Special Projects  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Ms. Arlene Fitzgerald  Government Relations and Public Affairs Partnerships  
Ms. Soraya Gargash  Analyst  Strategy  COP28 Office  
Mr. Carlos Gasco  Energy Policy Executive Director /a  Department of Energy  
Ms. Sofía Gattini  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Hosni Ghedira  Director of Research Engagement  Mohamed bin Zayed University of Artificial Intelligence  
Ms. Lisa Gittos  Senior Specialist  Strategy  COP28 Office  
Ms. Maya Haddad  Environmental Health and Safety Officer  Ajman University  
Mr. Kristofer Hamel  Head, Partnerships  COP28 Office  
Mr. Abdelaziz Harib  Negotiator  COP28 Office  
Mr. Mohamed Hassanein  Director – Government Affairs, Security & Administration (PFSO)  DP World  
Mr. Karim Hussein  Employee at UAE embassy  MOFAIC  
Ms. Athra Ibrahim  Climate Change Analyst  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Asma Janahi  Project Manager  Vice President's Office for Political Affairs  
Ms. Marri Janeka  Advisor, Negotiations  Climate Envoy  
Ms. Nada Jasim  Director of Safety, Risk Regulations, and planning  RTA  
Mr. Muhammad Junaid  Student  American University of Sharjah  
Mr. Abd Alkarim Khafaji  Specialist, Social Media - Digital Communications  Masdar  
Mr. Ahmed Khamis Eid Mohammad AlMuhairabi  Government Relations and Public Affairs Partnerships  
Ms. Minjae Kim  Student  New York University  
Ms. Jourie Kolthoum  Specialist, the Executive Office  COP28 Office  
Mr. Neeraj Kumar  Senior Manager, Bids  Masdar  
Mr. Oussama Lacfer  videograher  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Tina Latif  Director, Strategy  COP28 Office  
Ms. Ghita  Lebiad  Outreach, Specialist  Masdar  
Mr. Yitong Lin  Innovation Associate  Dubai Supreme Council of Energy  
Ms. Tatiana Loboda  Professor and Chair  Department of Geographical Sciences, University of Maryland  
Ms. Juan Lomba  Specialist, Partnerships  COP28 Office  
Ms. Dana Maalouf  Student  American University of Sharjah  
H.E. Mr. Eric Macinnes  Head, Corporate Communications  Masdar  
Ms. Dr Haifa Madi  Public Health Expert and Advisor  Ministry Of Health & Prevention  
Ms. Mariam Majid  Outreach Programme Specialist  Environment Agency- Abu Dhabi  
Ms. Lina Maloukh  Professor  Zayed University  
Ms. Nour Maria  Senior Advisor  Ministry of Culture and Youth  
Mr. Chris Marshall  Advisor, Negotiations  COP28 Office  
Mr. Anthony James Matthews  Operations Director  Expo City Dubai  
Ms. Sconaid McGeachin  Director, Communications  COP28 Office  
Mr. Dane McQueen  Director, Partnerships  COP28 Office  
Ms. Shaemma Mebwana  Climate Change Analyst  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Dr Nikolas Meitanis  Acting Executive Director, Strategy and Corporate Development  Masdar  
Ms. Angela Migally  Executive Director of Salama Bint Hamdan AlNahyan Foundation  Presidential Protocol  
Ms. Aseilah Moalla Alhashmi  Director General of Fujairah Environment Authority  Fujairah Environment Authority  
Mr. Tahnoon Mohamed  
Ms. Aisha Mohamed  Director of the National Youth Agenda Departmennt  Ministry of Culture and Youth  
Mr. Zayed Mohammed  
Ms. Hanna Monsanto De Serra E Silva  Project Manager, the Executive Office  COP28 Office  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Ms. Mahreen Munir  Student  Zayed University  
Ms. Stephanie Mustachi  Masdar  
Ms. Rita Nabhan  Director  The Executive Office  COP28  
Mr. Martin Nagell  Adviser to the CEO  Masdar  
Ms. Asma Naqi  Section Head of Studies and Research  Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure  
Ms. Georgina Nelson  
Ms. Alison Oliver  Senior Strategic Communications Manager  ENEC  
Mr. Tarek Oueidat  Advisor  Ministry of Culture and Youth  
Mr. Francesco Paparella  Global Network Associate Professor of Mathematics  New York University  
Mr. Richard Paton  Climate Change Advisor - Minister's Advisor  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Mr. Shashi Prakash  Sustainability & Carbon Expert  Masdar  
Ms. Maryam Qasem  Senior Nuclear Fuel Fabrication Project Manager  ENEC  
Ms. Asmahane Rami  Educational Expert  Ministry of Education  
Ms. Farah Rayes Naime  Consultant  Ministry of Culture and Youth  
Mr. Rolando Jose Ribeiro Borges Martins  Executive Member Board of Directors  Expo City Dubai  
Mr. Fouad Lamghari Ridouane  Director of Fujairah Research Center Fujairah  Environment Agency  
Mr. Christian Roenning  Department manager process  Pure Salmon Kaldnes  
Ms. Shaikha Sabah  Specialist  Communications  COP28 Office  
Mr. Josiane Sadaka  Chief Executive Officer  Shaikh Ahmed Bin Dalmook Al Maktoum office  
Ms. Fatima Saeed  Administrative Coordinator  The Supreme Council for Motherhood and Childhood  
Mr. Sanjeet Sahota  
Mr. Marcos San Martin  Analyst, Strategy  COP28 Office  
Mr. Giannina Santiago  Senior Advisor  Negotiation  COP28 Office  
Ms. Lydia Sanz Lozano  Student  New York University  
Mr. Adnan Saqf Elhait  Director, Operations  COP28 Office  
Mr. Maged Sayed Amin Naguib  Adjunct Lecturer, EGIS  Heriot-Watt University  
Ms. Beatrix Schmuelling  Senior Adviser, Renewable Energy & Climate Change  UAE Mission to IRENA  
H.E. Mr. Stephen Severance  Head, Program Management and Marketing  Masdar  
Mr. Mohamed Shaker  Senior Administrative Coordinator  Arab Youth Center  
Mr. Ali Sharafi  Act. Asst. undersecretary for Int. Financial Relations Sector  Ministry of Finance  
Mr. Neil Smillie  Senior Specialist, Operations  UAE Special Envoy for Climate Change  
Mr. Robert Gilbert Snape  Operational Head  Expo City Dubai  
Mr. Samuel John Spittle  Senior Specialist, Operations  COP28 Office  
Mr. Beniamin Strzelecki  Student  New York University  
Mr. AbdulRahim Sultan  Director WGEO  DEWA  
Mr. David Szerer  Chief Design Officer  Pure Salmon  
Mr. Dr. Charbel Tarraf  Senior Manager-Corporate Services and Development  International Center for Biosaline Agriculture  
Ms. Sarath Surendran Thayattu  Videographer  Dubai Electricity and Water Authority  
Ms. Shahbano Tirmizi  Senior Advisor, Partnerships  COP28 Office  
Mr. Gerald Baruk Toledano  Partner  8F asset management  
Ms. Reshma Tony  Senior Office Coordinator  Climate Envoy  
Mr. Panakkat Usman  Photographer  Federal National Council  
Ms. Iman Ustadi  Senior Negotiator  UAE Special Envoy for Climate Change  
Ms. Nadia Akbar Verjee  Chief of Staff  Expo City Dubai  
United Arab Emirates (continued) 
Mr. Antonios Vouloudis  Director of Sustainability and Stewardship  New York University  
Ms. Laila Waleed  Student  Zayed University  
Mr. Chi Lon Wan  Head, Design Management  Masdar  
Mr. Paul Watkinson  Advisor to the minister of climate change and the environment  Ministry of Climate Change and Environment  
Ms. Aza Wee Sile  Specialist, Communications  COP28 Office  
Ms. Anca Westley  Head, Event Strategy & Management  COP28 Office  
Mr. Andrew Robert Joseph White  Director  Expo City Dubai  
Mr. Jeremy Williams  Professor of Sustainabilty  Zayed University  
Ms. Helen Wright  Manager, Operations  COP28 Office  
Mr. Ahmed Yagoub  Minister Videographer and Photographer  Minister of State for Youth Office  
Mr. Ali Yasir  Manager, Research and Analysis  Zayed Sustainability Prize  
Ms. Reham Youssef  Local Employee  MOFAIC  
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
H.E. Mr. Rishi Sunak  Prime Minister  No10  
H.E. Mr. Alok Sharma  COP26 President  
H.E. Ms. Thérèse Anne Coffey  Secretary of State  Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs  
H.E. Mr. Grant Shapps  Secretary of State  Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
H.E. Mr. Graham Stuart  Minister of State for Climate  Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
H.E. Mr. Lord Zac Goldsmith  Minister of State  Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office  
H.E. Ms. Diana Barran  Minister for Schools and College System  Department for Education  
H.E. Mr. Richard Henry Ronald Benyon  Parliamentary Under Secretary of State  Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Charlotte Sarah Emily Vere  Parliamentary Under Secretary of State  Department for Transport  
H.E. Ms. Nicola Sturgeon  First Minister of Scotland  Scottish Government  
H.E. Ms. Màiri McAllan  Minister for Environment and Land Reform  Scottish Government  
H.E. Ms. Quincia Gumbs-Marie  Hon. Minister of Sustainability, Innovation and the Environment  Government of Anguilla  
H.E. Mr. Melvin Mitchell Turnbull  Minister of Natural Resources and Labour  British Virgin Islands Government  
Mr. Archibald Young  UK Lead Negotiator  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Alison Clare Campbell  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Nigel Topping  UN High Level Champion for COP26  
H.E. Mr. James Cleverly  Secretary of State  Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office  
H.E. Ms. Hilary Jeune  Minister for Energy and Climate Change  Government of Jersey  
Mr. Peter Hill  COP26 CEO  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Gareth Bayley  Her Majesty's Ambassador to Egypt  Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office  
Mr. Abdelwahid Benbouziyane  COP President Support  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Camilla Born  Campaigns and Engagement  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Nicholas Mark Bridge  Foreign Secretary's Special Representative for Climate Change  Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office  
Ms. Iliana Cardenes-Trujillo  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Faye Chapman  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Morgane Tessa Simone Chiocchia  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Lynn Davidson  COP President Support  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Jennet Ruth Davis  Campaigns and Engagement  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Rachel Eve Deakin  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (continued) 
Mr. Ciaran Deeney  Legal, Negotiations  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
Ms. Emma Alexandra Eastcott  Negotiations  Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs  
Ms. Natasha Farrington  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Kate Fearnyough  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Helen Finney  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Manuela Galan  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Owen Edward Goddard  Campaigns and Engagement  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Gareth Gorst  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Catherine Elizabeth Gulliver  Legal, Negotiations  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  Government Legal Department  
Ms. Priya Gupta  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Sophia Hatley  COP President Support  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Claire Holzer Fleming  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Alex Howe  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Katherine Hughes  Negotiations  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
Mr. Samuel Karslake  Economic Adviser  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Elise Larkin-Scragg  COP President Support  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Felipe Matos Glover  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Robyn Mawdsley  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Sebastian Mitchell  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Hassan Mohammed   Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Dominic Molloy  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. David John Moran  Regional Ambassador  Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office  
Ms. Felicity Morrison  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Meera Murali  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. John Murton  Campaigns and Engagement  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Kenneth James O'Flaherty  Regional Ambassador  Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office  
Ms. Stephanie Ockenden  Negotiations  Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs  
Mr. Charles Ogilvie  Campaigns and Engagement  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Dileimy Zuyaing  Orozco Silva  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Sejal Patel  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Alexis Petrou  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Hugo Phillips  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Taalay Ahmad Qudsi Rasheed  Deputy Ambassador to Egypt  British Embassy Cairo  
Mr. Malcolm Ridout  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Lewis Rodger  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Janet Rogan  Regional Ambassador  Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office  
Ms. Elizabeth Rowe  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Sara Sajjad  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Lydia Sawyer  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Jennifer Saxby  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Solomon Schonfield  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Virginia Sentance  Campaigns and Engagement  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Rimmy Sidhu  COP President Support  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Salka Sigurdardottir  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Ritika Singh  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (continued) 
Mr. Christopher James Skidmore  Chair of Net Zero Review  Member of Parliament for Kingswood  
Ms. Eva Joy Smith Leggatt  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Alice Stedman  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Matthew Toombs  Campaigns and Engagement  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Stanley Alexander Townsend  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Liam Upson  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Mr. Alexander James Urwin  COP President Support  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Josie Francesca Hill Wastell  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Eleanor Webster  Negotiations  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Breanna Ellen Wilder  COP President Support  COP26 Unit, Cabinet Office  
Ms. Hannah Wilson  Legal, Negotiations  Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy  
United Republic of Tanzania 
Mr. Kennedy Godfrey Gastorn  Ambassador and Permanent Representative of the Tanzania to the UN in New York  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
H.E. Ms. Samia Suluhu Hassan  President of the United Republic of Tanzania  Country  United Republic of Tanzania  
H.E. Mr. Selemani Saidi Jaffo  Minister of Environment  Administration  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Khamis Hamza Khamis  Deputy Minister of State  Union Matters  Vice-President's Office  
H.E. Mr. January Yusuf Makamba  Minister for Energy  Ministry of Energy  
H.E. Mr. Peter Mutuku Mathuki  Secretary General  East African Community  
Mr. Switbert Zacharia Mkama  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Khalid Salum Mohamed  Minister for Infrastructure, Communication and Transport  Ministry of Infrastructure, Communication and Transport, Zanzibar  
H.E. Mr. Emmanuel John Nchimbi  Ambassador, Embassy of Tanzania, Egypt, Cairo  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
H.E. Ms. Stergomena Lawrence Tax  Minister for Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation  
Mr. Yusuph Mndolwa Tindi  Ambassador and Chief of Protocol  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Mr. Andrew Marcelin Komba  Director of Environment  Vice President's Office  President's Office  
Mr. Kanizio Fredrick Kahema Manyika  Principal Forest Officer1  Division of Environment  Vice President's Office  
Ms. Farhat Ali Mbarouk  Director of Environment  Environment  The Second Vice President’s Office-Zanzibar  
Mr. Hussein Maulid Kassanga  IT Technician  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jackson Wilfred Msangula  Press  State House  
Mr. Peter Josephat Niboye  Environmental Ammbassador  
Ms. Asha Said Nyange Nyange  Chef  State House  
Ms. Zuhura Yunus Abdallah  Director of Communication – State House  State House  President's Office  
Ms. Hawabai Noormohamed Abdulla  Senior Business Development Officer  TADB  
Mr. Khatib Othman Abdulla  Staff Officer  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Community  
Ms. Aziza Juma Ali  Head of Coordination  Coordination  Ministry of Finance and Planning  
Mr. Mohamedhussein Alidina  Senior Financial Manager  International Finance Management  
Mr. Abdul-Halim Hafidh Ameir  Satff Officer  
Mr. Jerome Simon Assey  Personal Assistant to the President - Projects  President's Office  
Ms. Catherine Gossi Bamwenzaki  Assistant Director  Environment  Vice President's Office - Division of Environment  
Mr. Masinde Kahitira Bwire  Executive Secretary  Lake Victoria Commision  East Africa Community  
United Republic of Tanzania (continued) 
Ms. Ms. Robi Ernest Bwiru Bwiru  Principal Protocol Officer  Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation  
Ms. Esnati Osinde Chaggu  Board Chairperson  Vice-President's Office  
Ms. Khadija Aziz Chakupewa  Staff Officer  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Mr. Maharage Ally Chande  Managing Director  Tanzania Electricity Supply Company  
Mr. Ladislaus B. Chang'a  Director of Research and Applied Meteorology  Research  Tanzania Meteorological Agency  
Mr. Ignas August Chuwa  Director of Policy and Planning  Policy and Planning  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Athman Khalfan Dindili  Staff Officer  Forest Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Community  
Mr. Adam Ibrahim Gille  Presidential Press  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Irene Stanley Gowelle  Communication Officer  Tanzania Electricity Supply Company  
Ms. Martha Nehemia Gwau  Member of Parliament, Special Seats, Women  Parliament of the United Republic of Tanzania  
Mr. Chacha Marwa Harun  Transport  Ministry of Works, Communication and Transport  
Ms. Maulidah Bwanakheri Hassan  Personal Assistant to the President - Diplomacy  President's Office  
Mr. Ghaamid Abdulbast Hatibu  Executive Director  Tanzania Biodiversity Organization  
Mr. Jean Baptiste Havugimana  Director  Productive Sectors  East African Community  
Mr. Mark Phillp Charles Hiza  Manager Investor Relations  Investor Relations  NMB BANK  
Mr. Ismail Shajak Ismail  Military attaché at Tanzania Embassy in Cairo, Egypt  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Mr. Omari Mbaraka Issa  Board Chairman  Tanzania Electricity Supply Company  
Mr. Menan Hungwe Jangu  Director of Research  Research  National Environment Management Council  
Ms. Farida Mohamed Jarufu  Staff Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Mr. Elikana Maige John  Senior Forest Officer  Tanzania Forest Services Agency  
Mr. Said Ali Juma  Comptroller  President's Office  
Mr. Salum Mbwana Juma  Senior Officer for Climate Change  Seni Climate Change , External Finance  President's Office Finance and Planning  
Mr. Robert Kainunula Vedasto Kahendaguza  Director of Multilateral Cooperations  Multilateral Cooperations  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Ms. Khadija Ben Kaijage  Principal Officer  Foreign Affairs  President's Office  
Mr. Severin Kusonyola Kalonga  FLR in Africa Leader  Forest  WWF  
Mr. Seif Peter Kamtunda  Personal Assistant to the Minister of Foreign Affairs  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Ms. Lydia Thomas Kamugisha  Assistant Lecturer  National Institute of Transport  
Ms. Mukajungu Lucy Kamuzora  Senior Economist  Multilateral Finance  Ministry of Finance and Planning  
Mr. Kenneth Davis Kasigila  Senior Manager  Sustainable Finance Outreach and Relationships  CRDB Bank  
Mr. . Amour Nassor Kassim  Photographer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Asnath Abel Kauya  Policy Analysis  Policy Planning  Vice-President's Office  
Ms. Hadija Jaicy Kayera  Environmental Officer  Environment  Division of Environment  
Mr. Zakariyya Ibrahim Kera  Director of Administration and Human Resource  Administration and Human Resources  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Kassim Mohammed Khamis  Personal Assistant to the President - Speech  President's Office  
Ms. Mwand'awa Ally Kheir  Valet  State House  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
United Republic of Tanzania (continued) 
Mr. Said Ally Kiangi  Private Physician to the President  State House  
Mr. Peter Elias Kigadye  Tanzania Electricity Supply Company  
Mr. David Mwakiposa Kihenzile  Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Investment, Industry and Trade  Parliament of the United Republic of Tanzania  
Mr. Hussein Rashid Kivike  Staff Officer  
Mr. Ladislaus Kyaruzi Leonidas  Principal Environment and Natural Resources Officer  Environment and Natural Resources  East African Community Secretariat  
Ms. Thereza George Limbe  Nurse  State House  
Ms. Herieth Eslom Lubinga  Economist  Multilateral Finance  Ministry of Finance and Planning  
Ms. Devotha Nyamwiza Lugendo  Economisit  Multilateral Funds  Ministry of Finance and Planning  
Mr. Mussa Julius Lulandala  Personal Assistant to the President – Interpretation  President's Office  
Mr. Saustine Geofrey Lusanzu  Youth advocate and Climate Activist  NGO Dar es Salaam  
Mr. Edmund Mabhuye  Coordinator for Center of Climate Change Studies  Institute of Resource Assessment, University of Dar es Salaam  
Mr. Salehe Iddi Maftaha  Staff Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Samweli Gwamaka Mafwenga  Director General  National Environment Management Council  Vice President's Office  
Ms. Lucy Kishemele Magembe  Country Director  The Nature Conservancy  
Mr. Michael Henry Magesa  Engineer  Ministry of Works, Communication and Transport  
Ms. Mary Stephen Mahumi  Economist  Tanzania Forest Services Agency  
Mr. Makame Iddi Makame  Head of Administration of Tanzania Embassy Cairo, Egypt  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Mr. Prosper Uforosia Makundi  Head of Environmental Unit  Environmental Management Unit  Ministry of Agriculture  
Ms. Faudhia Yusuph Mao  Press  State House  
Ms. Vaileth Emmanuel Marwa  Private Assistant to the Foreign Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Dahoma Masha Jabir Uki  Assistant Manager  Department of operations  Peoples Bank of Zanzibar  
Ms. Nyambuli Etanga Mashauri  ADC  State House  President's Office  
Mr. James Peter Mataragio  Managing Director  
Ms. Jacqueline Didas Materu  Assistant to the Minister  Ministry of Energy, United Repubic of Tanzania  
Mr. Ibrahim Awadhi Mdee  Private Assistant to the Minister  Environment and Union Matters  Vice President's Office  
Ms. Hellen Andrew Mgeta  Second Secretary  Multilateral Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Mr. Abdallah Hassan Miatawi  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Union Matters  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Ivan Frederick Minja Minja  Staff Officer  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation  
Mr. Muhudi Twahili Mizungu  Deputy Director – PSU  President's Office  
Mr. Sheha Mjaja Juma  Director General  Zanzibar Environment Management Authority  Ministry of Land, Water, Energy and Environment-Zanzibar  
Mr. Stephen Daud Mlote  Deputy Secretary General  East African Community  
Mr. Donald Mmari  Executive Director  REPOA  
Mr. Dennis Philemon Mmary  Staff Officer  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Community  
Mr. Joseph Mmkumbo  Marine Watch  Tanzania Shipping Company Agency  
Mr. Eliakimu Mnkondo Zahabu  Director  National Carbon Monitoring Center (NCMC)  Sokoine University of Agriculture  
Ms. Joyce Philipo Mnunguli  IT Specialist  ICT  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Mohamed Kamal Mohamed  Protocol Office  Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Ms. Sharon Ringo Mowo  Stundent and Tourism Ambassador  Sharon Ringo Foundation  
Mr. Felichesmi Jossen Mramba  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Energy  
United Republic of Tanzania (continued) 
Mr. Abel Lucas Mshama  Staff Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation  
Ms. Ramla Aziz Msuya  Senior Manager and Sustainable Projects and Outreach  Sustainable projects  CRDB Bank  
Ms. Tuli Salum Msuya  Principal Forest Officer and Executive Secretary  Tanzania Forest Fund (TaFF)  Ministry of Natural Resources and Tourism  
Ms. Ms. Upendo Jeremia Mtafya  Delegation Secretary  State House, United Republic of Tanzania  
Mr. Someni Lusungu Mteleka  Senior Forest Officer  Tanzania Forest Conservation Group  
Mr. Sospeter Mambile Mtwale  Private Secretary to the President  President's Office  
Mr. Amandus Pachificus Muhairwa  Professor  Sokoine University of Agriculture  
Mr. Issa Mohammed Muhsin  Interpreters at the Tanzania Embassy in Cairo  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation  
Mr. Fredrick Fulgence Mulinda  Senior Environmental Officer  National Environment Management Council  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Malik Nuru Munisi  Tanzania Petroleum Development Corporation  
Ms. Lulu Philip Mussa  Director of Government Communication  Government Communication  Vice President's Office  
Ms. Kemilembe Salome Mutasa  Assistant Director - Impact Assessment and Climate Change  Environment  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Richard Stanslaus Captain Muyungi  Chair  Environment section  Tanzania Electricity Supply Company  
Mr. Isakwisa Lameck Mwamukonda  Legal Officer  Legal Expaert  Vice-President's Office  
Mr. Mathew Paul Mwangomba  General Manager  Tanzania Geothermal Development Company (TGDC)  
Mr. Hawa Salum Mwechaga  Principal Game Officer  President's Office  
Ms. Advera Felician Mwijage  Director of Marketing and Developmemt of Technology  Rural Energy Agency  
Mr. Aboud Hassan Mwinyi  Deputy Permanent Secretary  Fiannce and Planning  President's Office Finance and Planning  
Mr. Deogratias Joseph Nagu  Personal Assistant to the Director General  Rural Energy Agency  
Mr. Aduimpende Evarist Nampanga Nampanga  Staff Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Nice Nicodemus Ngonyani  Press  State House  
Ms. Venosa Irenei Ngowi  
Mr. Issa Mussa Nyashillu  Environmental Officer  Division of Environment  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Edgar Selestine Nyika  Staff Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Haji Alawi Omari  Staff Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East African Cooperation  
Mr. Machano Said Othman  hairman of the House of Representative , Zanzibar  House of Representative , Zanzibar  
Mr. Mohsin Ishaq Patel  Staff Officer  
Mr. Jambo Hamisi Ramadhani  Uongozi Institute  
Mr. Thobias Mwesiga Richard  Senior Environmental Management Officer  Environmental Compliance  National Environmental Council Management  
Mr. Victor Wilfred Ringo  Physician to the President  State House  
Mr. Daniel Moris Sagata  Environment  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Hassan Seif Saidy  Director General  Rural Energy Agency  
Mr. Tluway Qwenga Sappa  Environmrntal Officer  Tanzania Electricity Supply Company  
Mr. Mbuyani Yudica Saruni  Asssitant Commissioner -  Policy Analysis  Ministry of Finance and Planning  
Ms. Immaculate Sware Semesi  Principal Environmental Management Officer  Environmental Compiliance  National Environmental Council Management  
Ms. Zaninabu Twahilu Sheuya  Agricultural Officer  Crop Production  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. Dunstan John Shimbo  Director of Legal Service  Legal Service Unit  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Dossantos Aristariki Silayo  Conservation Commissioner  Forestry and Beekeeping  Ministry of Natural Resources and Tourism  
United Republic of Tanzania (continued) 
Mr. Manchare Heche Suguta  Environmental Lawyer  Compliance  National Environmental Council Management  
Mr. Chumu Ali Suleiman  Staff Officer  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Cooperation  
Ms. Miza Suleiman  Chief Forest Officer  Department of Forest  Ministry of Agriculture Irrigation, and Nature Resources  
Ms. Asha Hussein Tarimo  Agency Fund Manager  TADB  
Ms. Agripina Focus Tarimo  Environmental Officer  Tanzania Electricity Supply Company  
Ms. Emma Teresa Liwenga  Assistant to the Vice President - Environmental Affairs  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Samson Barnabas Kiula Tungu  Press  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mohamed Ukusi  Vallet  State House  
Mr. Tajiel Urioh  Energy Advisor  Energy Development Cooperation  Norwegian Embassy Dar es Salaam  
Mr. Marobe Wama  Protocol Officer  Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and East Africa Community  
Mr. Pius Zhebe Yanda  Professor  Institute of Resource Assessment  University of Dar es Salaam  
Ms. Rahima Hemedi Yusuph Yusuph  Chef  State House  
United States of America 
H.E. Mr. Joseph Biden  President of the United States  The White House  
Ms. Susan Biniaz  Deputy Special Envoy for Climate  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Antony Blinken  United States Secretary of State  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Richard Duke  Deputy Special Envoy for Climate  U.S. Department of State  
Mme Jennifer Granholm  Secretary of Energy  U.S. Department of Energy  
H.E. Mr. John Forbes Kerry  Special Presidential Envoy for Climate  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Reta Jo Lewis  President and Chair  Export-Import Bank of the United States  
Ms. Brenda Mallory  Chair for the Council on Environmental Quality  White House Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Monica Medina  Assistant Secretary  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Scott Nathan  Chief Executive Officer  U.S. International Development Finance Corporation  
Mr. John Podesta  Senior Advisor to the President of the United States  White House Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Samantha Power  Administrator  U.S. Agency for International Development  
Mr. Geoffrey Pyatt  Assistant Secretary  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Michael Regan  Administrator  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Richard Spinrad  Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere and Administrator  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  
Mr. Thomas Vilsack  Secretary of Agriculture  U.S. Department of Agriculture  
Ms. Anne Witkowsky  Assistant Secretary  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Ali Zaidi  National Climate Advisor  White House Executive Office of the President  
Mr. Daniel Rubinstein  
Mr. Lilburn Trigg Talley  Director  Office of Global Change, Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Alice Albright  Chief Executive Office  Millennium Challenge Corporation  
Mr. Andrew Neustaetter  Attorney-Adviser  Office of the Legal Adviser  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Andrew Rakestraw  Attorney-Adviser  Office of the Legal Adviser  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Sally Merrick Benson  Deputy Director for Energy  White House Executive Office of the President  
Ms. Meredith Berger  Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Energy, Installation, and Environment  U.S. Navy  
Mr. Joseph Bryan  Chief Sustainability Officer and Senior Advisor for Climate to the Secretary of Defense  U.S. Department of Defense  
United States of America (continued) 
Ms. Rosemary Enobakhare  Assistant Administrator  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Morgan Fowler Jr  Special Envoy for Global Food Security  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Laura Holgate  Ambassador to the United Nations International Organizations in Vienna and to the International Atomic Energy Agency  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Rachel Jacobson  Assistant Secretary of the Army for Installations, Energy, and Environment  U.S. Department of Defense  
Ms. Sarah Kapnick  Chief Scientist  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  
Ms. Alexia Latortue  Assistant Secretary  U.S. Department of the Treasury  
Ms. Rachel Levine  Assistant Secretary for Health  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services  
Mr. Andrew Light  Assistant Secretary of International Affairs  U.S. Department of Energy  
Ms. Dorothy McAuliffe  Special Representative  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Jane Nishida  Assistant Administrator  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
Mr. Andrew Plitt  Acting Assistant Administrator  U.S. Agency for International Development  
Ms. Dafna Rand  Director  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Victoria Salinas  Acting Deputy Administrator  Federal Emergency Management Agency  
Mr. Jacob Sullivan  National Security Advisor  White House Executive Office of the President  The White House  
Ms. Tanya Trujillo  Assistant Secretary for Water and Science  U.S. Department of the Interior  
Mr. Kevin Adams  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change, U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Farhan Akhtar  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. James Allman-Gulino  
Ms. Laurie Ashley  
Mr. Ryan Ballow  
Ms. Lillian Bermel  Negotiator  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Shella Biallas  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Reed Brown  
Ms. Katherine Calvin  
Mr. Randy Caruso Jr  
Ms. Christina Chan  Expert Senior Advisor  Office of the Special Presidential Envoy for Climate, U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Vinay Chawla  
Ms. Giulia Christianson  
Ms. Lam Chung-Pollpeter  
Ms. Hillary Clifford  
Mr. Nicholas Conger  
Ms. Brittany Croll  Program Analyst  Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  
Ms. Claire Cvitanovich  Senior Policy Officer  U.S. Department of Agriculture  
Ms. Allison Davis  
Ms. Monica Dean  
Ms. Mausami Desai  Environmental Engineer  Climate Change Division, Office of Atmospheric Programs  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Camilla DiMartino  Deputy Chief of Staff  Office of the Special Presidential Envoy for Climate, U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Elliot Diringer  
Ms. Christine Dragisic  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Angela Enriquez  Project Manager  OES/EGC  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Stephanie Epner  
Mr. Charles Fee  
Ms. Melissa Gallant  Sustainable Landscapes Analyst  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Justina Gallegos  
Ms. Grace Gao-Sheppard  
Ms. Catherine Goldberg  Senior Climate Policy Officer  Office of Global Change, U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Toby Hedger  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change, U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Claire Henly  
Ms. Moon Herrick  
Ms. Anne Hills  
Mr. William Hohenstein  
Mr. Chadwick Houghton  
Ms. Sara Jordan  
United States of America (continued) 
Mr. Daniel Kandy  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Marcella Kim  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Anne Kolker  
Ms. Allison Lajeskie  
Mr. Benjamin Lawless  
Ms. Rebecca Lawlor  
Mr. Thomas Leiby  
Ms. Katherine Marie Wiehagen Leonard  
Ms. Elizabeth Lien  
Mr. David Livingston  
Mr. Mikael Lurie  
Ms. Hannah Lyons  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Sonia MacHardy  
Mr. Hagen Maroney  
Mr. Andrew Mayock  
Ms. Amanda McCarty  
Mr. Jonathan Moch  AAAS Fellow  US Department of State  Office of Global Change  
Ms. Brigit Moore  
Mr. Alexander Nassikas  Policy Analyst  US Department of State  
Ms. Lia Newman  
Ms. Caroline Nguyen  
Mr. Evan Notman  
Mr. Christopher Nyce  
Ms. Molly Peters-Stanley  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Rohemir Ramirez Ballagas  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Alyssa Roberts  
Mr. Erwin Rose  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Micah Savidge  
Ms. Jennifer Schuch-Page  
Mr. Reed Schuler  Senior Advisor  Office of the Special Presidential Envoy for Climate, U.S. Department of State  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Emily Seen  
Ms. Fawn Sharp  
Ms. Pallavi Sherikar  Climate Adaptation Specialist/Negotiator  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. Christopher Sherry  Policy Analyst  Office of Air and Radiation  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
Ms. Lauren Sidner  
Mr. Craig Simons  
Mr. Varun Sivaram  
Ms. Whitney Smith  
Mr. Jacob Surface  COP27 Coordinator  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Gwynne Taraska  
Ms. Frances Thomas  
Ms. Dana Thomas  Project Manager  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Mr. David Thorne  
Ms. Olivia Urbanski  Climate Policy Officer  Office of Global Change  U.S. Department of State  
Ms. Candace Vahlsing  
Ms. Amelia VanderLaan  
Ms. Ann Vaughan  
Mr. Rajeev Wadhwani  Minister Counselor for Economic Affairs  
Ms. Claire Wang  
Ms. Sierra Woodruff  Climate Policy Officer  U.S. Department of State  Office of Global Change  
Mr. James Woodsome  
Ms. Shira Yoffe  
Ms. Kathryn Youel Page  
Mr. Jesse Young  Foreign Affairs Officer  Office of the Special Envoy for Climate Change  U.S. Department of State  
Uruguay 
Ms. Azucena María Arbeleche Perdomo  Minister  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Mr. Fernando Mattos Costa  Minister  Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture and Fishing  
Ms. Natalie Pareja  National Climate Change Director  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Nelson Adrian Peña Robaina  Minister of Environment  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Gonzalo Mauriccio Becoña López  
Mr. Marcelo Federico Caffera Collazo  Advisor  Ministry of Economy and Finance  
Ms. Lucia Cuozzi Queiros  
Ms. Verónica Isabel Duran Fernandez  
Mr. Manuel Etchevarren Aguerre  Director of Environment  Environment Directorate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Cecilia Roxana Jones  Agricultural Programming and Policy office  Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture and Fisheries  
Uruguay (continued) 
Mr. Herman Kamil Saul  
Ms. Mariana Kasprzyk Sierra  Advisor  National Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Mr. Juan Labat Frugoni  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Laura Marrero Beramendi  Gender Advisor  Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Silvana Montes de Oca  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. Belén Reyes de Salterain  Advisor  National Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Ms. María Nube Szephegyi  
Ms. Paola Visca Duarte  Advisor  National Climate Change Directorate  Ministry of Environment  
Uzbekistan 
Mr. Khabibullaev Sherzod  Director General  Centre of Hydrometeorological Service of the Republic of Uzbekistan  
Mr. Mansurbek Kilichev  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
H.E. Ms. Tanzila Narbaeva  VICE PRESIDENT of the Republic of Uzbekistan -Chairman of the Senate of the Oliy Majlis of the Republic of Uzbekistan  
Ms. Tanzila Narbaeva  VICE PRESIDENT of the Republic of Uzbekistan -Chairman of the Senate of the Oliy Majlis of the Republic of Uzbekistan  
Mr. Shukhratjon Adilov  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Otabek Alimov  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Farrukh Askarov  senior specialist of the Press-service of the Administration of the Senate of the Oliy Majlis of the Republic of Uzbekistan  
Mr. Ilhom Juraev  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Ibratjon Karimov  Deputy Director General  Centre of Hydrometeorological Service of the Republic of Uzbekistan  
Mr. Durbek Kholbekov  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Mirbotir Mirkhamidov  acting head of the International relations department of the Administration of the Senate of the Oliy Majlis of the Republic of Uzbekistan  
Ms. Surayyo Rakhmonova  senior specialist of the Press-service of the Administration of the Senate of the Oliy Majlis of the Republic of Uzbekistan  
Ms. Zukhrakhon Tillyakhodjaeva  Research Secretary  Hydrometeorological Institute  
Mr. Sherzod Yakubov  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Farrukh Zakirov  senior specialist  
Vanuatu 
Ms. Esline Garaebiti  Director General  Vanuatu Meteorology and Geohazards Department  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Bakoa Maraki Kaltongga  Special Envoy - Climate Change  
H.E. Mr. Ralph Regenvanu  Minister of Foreign Affairs and External Trade of Vanuatu  Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Cooperation and External Trade  
Mr. Nikenike Vurobaravu  President  State House  
Ms. Rima Vurobaravu  First Lady  State House  
Mr. Mike Sam Waiwai  Director  Department of Climate Change  Government of Vanuatu  
Ms. Zoe Touteniaki Ayong  Principal Recovery Coordinator  DSPPAC  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Christopher Yeoman Bartlett  Adviser  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  Government of Vanuatu  
Ms. Pauliane Basil  Scientific Officer- CCADRM  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Autumn Skye Bordner  Climate Diplomacy Lawyer  
Ms. June Brian Molitaviti  Manager, Research and Aquaculture Division  Vanuatu Fisheries Department  
Ms. Viranria Brown  Charge d'Affaires  High Commission of Vanuatu in Suva, Fiji  
Mr. Malcolm Dalesa  Consultant  Department of Climate Change  Government  
Mr. Antony Garaeliu  Director  Department of Energy  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Charlie Harrison  
Ms. Florence Iautu  Strategic Manager  NAB Secretariat  
Mr. Ian Iercet  NDC Project Coordinator  Department of Energy  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Lonny Jonah  Director  Department of Livestock  Ministry of Agriculture Livestock Forestry Fisheries and Biosecurity  
Vanuatu (continued) 
Mr. Nelson Kalo  Scientific Officer Mitigation  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Clara Karina Kalo  Security Advisor  State House  
Ms. Anna Kalpokas  Manager  National Advisory Board of CC and DRR  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Sylvain Kalsakau  Head - UN Division  Foreign Affaires  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. George Koran  VCAN Secretariat Coordinator  Vanuatu Climate Adaptation Network  Non-Government Organisation Vanuatu  
Mr. Vano Mark  Chief Protocol Officer  Department of Foreign Affairs  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Willy Missack  Climate Action Coordinator  Resilience and Humanitarian  Climate Action Network International  
Mr. Joseph Sapati Moeono-Kolio  Advisor  Ministry of Climate Change  
Mr. Abraham Nasak  Director  Department of National Disaster and Management Office  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Rothina Ilo Noka  Director  Department of Women's Affaires  
Mr. Allan Rarai  Manager, Climate Services  Vanuatu Meteorology and Geo-hazards Department  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Antoine Ravo  Director  Agriculture and Rural Development  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. John Ruben  Officer  Climate Division  Vanuatu Meteorology and Geo-Hazard Department  
Mr. Wesly Maxwell Sabby  Senior Security Advisor  State House  
Mr. Nihmei Kaniaha Salesa  Meteorology and Climate Officer  SPREP  Secretariat of the Pacific Regional Environment Programme  
Ms. Diana Salili  Climate Finance Advisor  Ministry of Climate Change  Government of Vanuatu  
Mr. Amstrong Sam  Acting Director  Biosecurity  Ministry of Agriculture Livestock Forestry Fisheries and Biosecurity  
Mr. Tony Amos Sewen  Director  Department of Finance and Treasury  Ministry of Finance  
Ms. Shamayel Shafiee Allaf  Health Advisor  State House  
Ms. Alexandra Sozer  Technical Advisor  
Ms. Stephanie Stephens  
Mr. Mathew Daniel Tasale  Manager Electrification  Department of Energy  Government  
Mr. Christopher Tavoa  Director  Advisory Unit, State Law Office  Office of the Prime Minister  
Mr. Philip Thompson  Security Advisor  State House  
Ms. Ngedikes Olai Uludong  Advisor  Ministry of Climate Change  
Ms. Flora Vano  Country Director  Action Aid International  
Mr. Rexon Viranamangga  Director  Ministry of Forestry  
Ms. Leana William  Multilateral Environmental Agreement Officer  Corporate Services Unit  Ministry of Climate Change Adaptation  
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) 
Ms. Cilia Adela Flores de Maduro  1era Dama de Venezuela  
Mr. Carlos Rafael Faría Tortosa  Minister of Foreign Affairs  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jorge Elieser Márquez Monsalve  Ministro del Despacho de la Presidencia  
Mr. Freddy Alfred Nazaret Ñañez Contreras  Minister of Communication and Information  Ministerio del Poder Popular para la Comunicación y la Información  
Mr. Ildemaro Moises Villarroel Arismendi  Minister of Habitat and Housing  Ministry of Habitat and Housing  
S.E. Sr. Josue Alejandro Lorca Vega  Ministro  Ministerio del Poder Popular para el Ecosocialismo  
Mr. Ramón Velázquez Araguayan  Ministro de Trasporte  
S.E. Sr. Ruben Dario Molina  Viceministro  Despacho del Viceministro para Temas Multilaterales, del Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relcaciones Exteriores  Ministerio del Poder Popular para Relaciones Exteriores  
Mr. Yuri Alexandre Pimentel Moura  Vice-Minister for Africa  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela  
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) (continued) 
Mr. Wilmer Omar Barrientos Fernandez  Ambassador of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela in the Arab Republic of Egypt  Embassy of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Nicolás Ernesto Maduro Guerra  Diputado  
Ms. Cristiane Engelbrecht Schadtler  Ambassador - Director of International Organisations  Viceministry of Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Power's People of Foreign Affairs of Venezuela  
Sra. Yorlandis del Valle Chiquito Martínez  Directora de Asuntos Internacionales  Oficina de Integración y Asuntos Internacionales  Ministerio del Poder Popular para el Ecosocialismo  
Ms. Karleidys Alejandra Andrade Brito  General Director of the Executive Secretariat of the Ministry of People's Power for Foreign Affairs  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Angel Jesus Herrera  Embassy of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Leonardo Jose Hernandez Silva  First Secretary of the Embassy of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela in the Arab Republic of Egypt  Embassy of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela in the Arab Republic of Egypt  
Ms. Maria Josefina Quijada Aponte  Official Translator of the President of Venezuela  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela  
Mr. Dennis De Abreu Dos Reis  Tripulacion  
Mr. Juan Francisco Escalona Camargo  Ayudante del Presidente  
Mr. Hengerberth Enrique Lara Querales  Tripulacion  
Ms. Rosana María Luna Roa  Tripulacion  
Mr. Amyl Marín Montalvo  Seguridad  
Mr. Nicker Felipe Alvarado Perez  Editor Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Antonio José Alvarado Sánchez  
Mr. Jose Miguel Ampie Silva  Tripulacion  
Ms. Enny Yeribeth Angel  Periodista Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Amado Antonio Arraez Alvarado  Técnico en explosivo  
Mr. Orlando José Arriechi Parra  Tripulacion  
Mr. Jose Alejandro Aular Santiago  Tecnicas Especiales  
Mr. Jhonner Alexis Báez Calderón  Seguridad  
Mr. Waimberg José Barrios Gómez  
Mr. Osmel Bello Moreno  Tripulacion  
Mr. Anibal Rafael Bellorin Pereira  Tripulacion  
Mr. Jose Rafael Blanchard Siso  Seguridad  
Ms. Angelica Virginia Blanco Perez  Tripulacion  
Ms. Yelitza Yudismar Bolívar Gamarra  Tripulacion  
Mr. Wiston Alberto Bravo López  Press  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Julio Rafael Bravo Oltra  Asistente  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Jhonnbber Albenis Briceño Chourio  Seguridad  
Mr. Carlos Alberto Calderón Ramirez  Asistente del Ministro del MIPPCI  Ministerio del Poder Popular para la Comunicación y la Información  
Ms. Luisa Fernanda Camacaro Tovar  Tripulacion  
Mr. Royber Yohel Cambero Sánchez  Seguridad  
Mr. Gonzalez Figueredo Carlos Manuel  Profesional III  Oficina de Integración y Asuntos Internacionales  Ministerio del Poder Popular para el Ecosocialismo  
Mr. Orvys Xavier Carranza Anato  Seguridad  
Ms. Melitza Antonieta Carrasco Pernalete  Tripulacuion  
Mr. Alexis Rafael Castellano  Tripulacion  
Mr. Boris Alirio Castellano Amarista  Reportero  
Mr. Héctor Luis Castillo Guzmán  Edecan de Servicio  
Mr. Gustavo Augusto Cedeño Aguilera  Director de Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Pedro Angel Chacón Diaz  Logístico  
Mr. Bernardo Javier Chataing Arellano  Tripulacion  
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) (continued) 
Mr. Ruben Dario Coronel Mora  Comitiva Oficial  
Mr. Juan Cuenca  Tripulacion  
Sra. Betzaida Elizabeth Cuesta Sanchez  Protocolo  
Mr. Sergio Alberto Delgado Gonzalez  Productor Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Ronald Amilcar Delgado Herrera  Seguridad  
Mr. Ernesto Estuart Díaz Rivera  Tripulacion  
Ms. Karla Gabriela Escola Villalobos  Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela  
Mr. Roger Arturo Espinoza Hurtado  Tripulacion  
Sr. Jonaiker Jose Estredo Plaza  Logistico  
Mr. Elizardo Fajardo Martínez  Seguridad  
Ms. Ailen Fernández Costa  medica  
Mr. Michel Garcia  Camarografo Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Jose Marcelo Garcia Camejo  Fotografo Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Ms. Madelein Coromoto Garcia Gomez  Periodista  
Mr. Wilmer David Garcias Suarez  Camarografo Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Jose Alexander Gelvez Monterrey  Tripulacion  
Mr. Jackson Leandro Gómez  Seguridad  
Mr. Jhorman Jose Gomez Navarro  Sonidista Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Carlos Enrique Gómez Ojeda  Secretario  
Ms. Maria Gorette Goncalvez Fernandez  Tripulacion  
Mr. Wilfredo Alexander Manuel Gonzalez Querales  Asistente del hijo del Presidente  
Ms. Yusmeida Coromoto Gonzalez Villegas  Protocol Assistant  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jesús Alberto Guerra Rodríguez  Seguridad  
Mr. Maikel Hernández Cruz  medico  
Mr. Iván Rafael Hernández Dala  Comandante de la GHP  
Mr. Jose Vicente Hernández Herrera  Ropero  
Mr. Miguel Ángel Hernández Lugo  Asist. 1ra. Combatiente  
Mr. Alfredo Alejandro Hernández Rodríguez  Asistente  
Ms. Nailet Del Carmen Hernandez Sayago  Tripulacion  
Ms. Ligsi Candy Hernandez Torres  Tripulacion  
Mr. Teddy Hernández Valdes  medico  
Sra. Maria Gabriela Higuerey Gibuba  Coordinadora General Prensa  Ministerio del Poder Popular para la Comunicación y la Información  
Sra. Gabriela Gemesis Hurtado Cariaco  Protocolo  
Ms. Doaa Hassan Hussein Shouman  Translator of the President  Embassy of Venezuela in Egypt  
Ms. Evelyn Fabiana Ibarra Vasquez  Repoprtera  
Mr. Julio Ramon Jaramillo Franco  Tripulacion  
Mr. Jorge Elecio Jaspe Pérez  Ayudante  
Ms. María Graciela Landaeta Hidalgo  Tripulacion  
Mr. Rodolfo Alexander Lopez Hernandez  Seguridad  
Mr. Maycoll Javier López Molero  Seguridad  
Mr. Alexander David Lopez Palacios  Bioseguridad  
Mr. Daniel Asdrubal Loyo Brito  Tripulacion  
Mr. Luis Alberto Lugo  Seguridad  
Sr. Jose Miguel Machado Bolivar  Conductor  
Mr. Enrique Eduardo Magallanes Jimenez  Tripulacion  
Mr. Jairo Manzano  Tripulacion  
Ms. Gladysmar del Valle Marcano de Jimenez  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. José Gabriel Márquez Vera  Seguridad  
Mr. Noel Arístides Márquez Villamizar  Tik-Tok  
Ms. Maty Luisbet Mendez Quintero  Tripulacion  
Sra. Belkis Montaña Gudiño  Coordinadora de Despacho  
Mr. Marx Lenin Montilla Marquez  Tripulacion  
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) (continued) 
Ms. Eixa Del Carmen Montilla Rojas  Protocolo  
Mr. Jonathan Jesús Morales Contreras  Tripulacion  
Mr. Héctor Morejon Fernández  medico  
Ms. Jessy Gabriela Moreno Estevez  State Protocol Director  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Rafael Antonio Morillo Mejias  Regalero  
Mr. Henry Antonio Navas Rumbo  Seguridad Presidencial  
Sra. Guallala Eugenia Olivera Torres  Comunicador  
Ms. Dinyori Alejandra Oropeza Romero  Tripulacion  
Ms. María Beatriz Paredes Alvarado  
Mr. Elias Manuel Parra Malpica  Tecnico de Satelite Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Luis Alexis Pérez González  Seguridad  
Ms. Reina Vicmar Perez Guerrero  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Anais Andreina Perez Palacio  Periodista Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Samuel Adán Pérez Reyes  Medico  
Ms. Deini Yasmin Pernía de Coronel  Asistente  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Natalia Luisovna Planas Sliuntiaeva  medica  
Mr. Eduardo Prieto Muñoz  Tripulacion  
Ms. María del Carmen Prin de Martignetti  Asisitente  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Yeimer Aleyhon Ramón Nieto  Acreditador  
Mr. Carlos Rengifo Ramos  Tripulacion  
Ms. Svetlana Redko  Assistant  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Alirio Jose Rivero Gonzalez  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Humberto Alfonso Roca Sánchez  Seguridad  
Mr. Huber Marcel Rodriguez Bautista  Protocolo  
Mr. Daryl Rodríguez Denis  medico  
Mr. Antonio Rojas Annete  Piloto  
Mr. Antonio Jose Rojas Garcias  enlace aereo  
Mr. Wilson Giovanni Rosales López  Logistic  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Kelvis Miguel Rumbos Rodríguez  Tripulacion  
Ms. Yaritza Salas Belandria  Tripulacion  
Ms. Leynnis de Jesús Salazar González  
Mr. Gabriel Antonio Salazar Rivas  Seguridad  
Mr. Juan Jose Sandoval  Tripulación  
Ms. Marenis Josefina Sandrea Díaz  Masajista  
Sr. Leywis Elvis Sequera Anzola  Tecnico Audiovisuales  
Mr. Tulio Jose Silva Ibarra  Logistico Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Mr. Ebert Silva Travieso  Medico  
Mr. Osmanly Jesús Silva Urbina  Operador de Redes  
Mr. Carlos Alejandro Sulbaran Villalba  Seguridad  
Mr. Yadir Tang Cordón  medico  
Mr. Mario José Tigrera Chirinos  Tripulacion  
Mr. Adrián José Torrealba Pérez  Fotógrafo de Redes  
Mr. Eddison Ranses Torrealba Rincón  Asistente  
Mr. Yodil Frank Torres Ramos  Asistente  
Mr. Pablo Gregorio Tovar Roman  Tripulacion  
Mr. Christian David Travieso Rodríguez  Directo de Protocolo  
Mr. Otto José Trincado Niño  Tripulacion  
Ms. Esthephanie Gabriela Valdivia  Tripulacion  
Mr. Norman José Vásquez Pion  Oficial de Seguridad  
Mr. Victor Daniel Vasquez Ramos  Asistente  Ministry of the People's Power for Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Jhonnatan Vera Parada  Tripulacion  
Mr. Yoani Villanueva Ayala  medico  
Mr. Bitner Javier Villegas Ramos  Piloto  
Mr. Anibal Enrique Virla Umbria  Seguridad  
Sr. Renzo Favio Yannelli pirela  centralista  
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) (continued) 
Mr. Allenso Rafael Zamora Bastardo  Logistico  
Mr. Ruben Zapata  Tripulacion  
Mr. Jhonn Robinson Zerpa Bastidas  Fotografo Prensa Oficial  Ministry of Popular Power for Communication and Information  
Viet Nam 
H.E. Mr. Ha Tran Hong  Minister  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tan Pham Van  Deputy Director General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Cuong Tang The  Director General  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Khuyen Le Thanh  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tuyen Pham Tan  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Son Vu Minh  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Diep Dang Ngoc  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tuan Le Ngoc  Deputy Director General  International Cooperation Department  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Vinh Chau Tran  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Cuong Hoang Duc  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Thuc Hoang Van  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Hieu Bui Duc  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Tho Nguyen Dinh  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Thang Nguyen Van  Director General  Ministry of Natural Resouces and Environment  
Mr. Cuong Ngo Sy  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Huong Dao Duc  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Thuc Tran  Vice-Chairman  Viet Nam Panel on Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Huong Chu Thi Thanh  Deputy Head, Division of Science-Technology and International Cooperation  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Anh Do Tien  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Huy Luong Quang  Head  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Cong Nguyen Thanh  Official  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Kien Nguyen  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Hien Nguyen Thu  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Minh Nguyen Van  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Anh Nguyen Van  Official  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Nga Tran Thi Thanh  Official  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Ms. Minh Nguyen Thi Hong  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Trung Tran Do Bao  Official  Department of Climate Change  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  
Mr. Luc Nguyen Cao  Deputy Minister  Government Office  
Mr. Tuyen Nguyen Xuan  Government Office  
Ms. Trang Nguyen Thi Thu  Official  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Mai Pham Thi Huyen  Official  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Anh Le Viet  Director General  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Ms. Hue Tran Minh  Ministry of Planning and Investment  
Mr. Tuan Nguyen Do Anh  International Cooperation Department  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Thu Nguyen Giang  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Viet Nam (continued) 
Mr. Hien Dinh Pham  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Binh Bui My  Department of International Cooperation  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Ms. Thuy Nghiem Phuong  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Nghia Tran Dai  Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development  
Mr. Anh Vu Ngoc  Ministry of Construction  
Ms. Huong Luu Linh  Ministry of Construction  
Mr. Duong Tran Anh  Deputy Director General  Ministry of Transport  
Mr. Chinh Le Van  Ministry of Science and Technology  
Mr. Quan Tran Hong  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Public Security  
Mr. Huy Nguyen Quang  Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment  Ministry of Public Security  
Yemen 
Mr. Taofeg Abdulwahd Al- Sharjabi  Minister  Ministry of Water and Environment  
H.E. Mr. Rashad Mohammed Ali Al-Alimi  President  
H.E. Mr. Yahia Mohammed Abdullah Al-Shaibi  Director of the President's Office  President's Office  
H.E. Mr. Dr. Ahmed Awad Ahmed Binmubarak  Minister of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates  
Mr. Faisal Saleh Obaid Al-Thalabi  Chairman of Environment Protection Authority  Environment Protection Authority  
Mr. Yousef Ahmed Mohamed Al-Alimi  President Office  
Mr. Fahd Ali Ahmed Abo Nasr  President office  
Mr. Elsayed Ali Ahmed  
Mr. Abdulkarem Mansoor Ahmed Al-Alimi  President office  
Mr. Ahmed Mohammed Jaber Al-Amri  Second Secretary in the Embassy of Yemen to the Republic of Egypt  Republic of Egypt  
Mr. Ammar Nasser Abdullah Al-Aulaqi  Consultant  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mme Maryam Abdurabu Salem Al-Doghani  
Mr. Ahmed Saleh Ahmed Al-Hamami  
Mr. Marwan Abdullah Abdulkareem Munassar Al-Hemyari  Manager of Media and Awareness  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Saleh Abdo Mohammed Al-Makaleh  President office  
Mr. Esmail Mohammed Qasem Al-Rabedhi  President office  
Mr. Abdulghani Mohammed Ismail Al-Raimi  Admin Consultant  Presidency Secretariate  
Mr. Adnan Ahmed Abdo Ali Al-Senwi  President office  
Mr. Ahmed Said Abdo Al-Wahsh  
Mr. Aiban Yaseen Ahmed Al-Yousefi  Media  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Thabit Abd Haithm Ali  Military Attach  Embassy of the Republic of Yemen in Egypt  
Mr. Abdullah Salem Alwan  
Mr. Abdulwahid Omar Arman  Director of Climate Change Unit  Climate Change Unit  Environment Protection Authority  
Mr. Abdulhakim Abdullah Rageh Aulaiah  Minster Consultant  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Mohammed Ezzi Tayeb Baaker  Second Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Salem Awadh Ahmed Binmubarak  Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Fahmi Abdulhadi Binshbrak  Coordinator  Climate Change Unit  Environment Protection Authority  
Mr. Mohammed Haj Mahfoudh Buraiah  Director  Decrees of the Presidency of the Republic  President Office  
Mr. Wasim Hussein Ahmed Ghulam  President office  
Mr. Osama Ahmed Ali Hezam  Office Manger of the Minister of Water and Environment  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Eweis Gouda Eweis Hussein  Media  Yemen Embassy In Egypt  
Yemen (continued) 
Mr. Mohammed Ali Abdullah Maram  Ambassador of Yemen to the Republic of Egypt  Embassy of Yemen to to the Republic of Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Mr. Naef Ali Saleh Musaed  Assistant Deputy Minster  Ministry of Water and Environment  
Mr. Anwar Abdulaziz Noman  Climate Change Consultant  Environment Protection Authority  
Mr. Abdulraqeb Shamsan Abdullah Al-Okaishi  Head of Adaptation Department  Climate Change Unit  Environment Protection Authority  
Zambia 
H.E. Mr. Hakainde Sammy Hichilema  President  Zambia  
Mr. Ignatius Mwanza  Chief Executive Officer  ZICB  Zambia Industrial Commercial Bank  
H.E. Mr. Collins Nzovu  Minister  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Richard Mfumu Lungu  Chief Environment Management Officer  Environmental Management Department  Ministry of Water Development, Sanitation and Environmental Protection  
Mr. John Msimuko  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Ephraim Mwepya Shitima  Director  Climate Change and Natural Resources Department  Ministry of Lands, Natural Resources and Environmental Protection  
Ms. Marianne Abdallah  Iinterpreter  Egyptian Embassy  Egyptian Embassy  
Mr. Frank Banda  Senior Scientist  Veterinary  Ministry of Fisheries and Livestock  
Mr. Nelson Banda  Energy Manager  Energy Regulation Board  
Mr. Abram Banda  Journalist  Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation  
Ms. Natasha Banda Museba  Principal State Advocate  Department of International Law and Agreements  Ministry of Justice  
Mr. Paul Ludovic Bechard  AGN Interpreter  AGN Technical Unit  African Group of Negotiators  
Ms. Harriet Mutinta Ng'andu Botha  Interpreter  Zambian Embassy Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. John Albert Bulawayo  Chief of Protocol  Ministry of Foreign Affairs  
Ms. Lillian Saili Bwalya  Director  Ministry of Tourism and Arts  
Mr. Anthony Bwalya  Presidential Press Aid  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Wallace Chakawa  Diplomat  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Douty Chibamba  Lecturer  Geography  University of Zambia  
Ms. Mukwandi Walusiku Chibesakunda  Executive Director  ZANACO  Zambia National Commercial Bank  
Mr. Victor Chiiba  Chief Forestry Officer  Forestry  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. David Chikwanda  Journalist  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Victor Chingangu  Planner  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Charity Mudenda Chinkusu  Environmentalist  Rural Electrification Authority  
Mr. Mwape Chipala  Director Planning  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Chimuka Francescah Chisangano  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Allan Kasokomba Chivunda  Energy Officer  Ministry of Energy  
Ms. Jessca Mwinga Muyambango Chombo  Director  Investments Department  Zambia Development Agency  
Mr. Shem Chungu  First Secretary  Zambian Embassy to Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Gift Dolopo  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Ms. Bwalya Elizabeth Funga  Administrative Assistant Ot the Mayor of Lusaka  City of Lusaka  
Mr. Albert Halwampa  Acting Director General  Zambia Development Agency  Zambia Development Agency  
Zambia (continued) 
Ms. Phillipa Hamakasu  Climate Change Officer- Adaptation  Green Economy and Climate Chnage  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Hamusonde Hamaleka  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Guirguis Hanna  protocol Officer  Egyptian Embassy  Egyptian Embassy  
Mr. Chilobe Crusivia Hichikumba  Director Finance and Economic Development  Policy Analysis and Coordination Division  Cabinet Office  
Ms. Matyola-Lemba Isabel Mutinta  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Gift Kaambwa  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Nigel Kalaluka Kabanda  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Robinson Kabesha  Defense Attache'  Zambian Embassy to Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Relations  
Mr. Stanley Kasongo Kakubo  Cabinet Minister  Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Steven Ngulube Kalembela  Government Official  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Lillian Kalenge  Principal Inspector - climate Chnage and Natural Resources  Climate Change and Natural Resources  Zambia Environmental Management Agency  
Mr. David Chama Kaluba  Project Climate Adaptation Expert  Climate Resilience Livestock Management  Ministry of Fisheries and Livestock  
Ms. Ruth Chibesa Kambalakoko  Tourism and promotional Manager  Tourism Agency  Zambia Tourism Agency  
Mr. Sylvester Kaonga  Research Officer  National Assembly  
Mr. Chomba Kapika  Government Officer  MFAIC  
Ms. Mary Kasoka  Producer  Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation  
Ms. Chisanga Lenka Kasonde  Principal Legal Officer  Legal Unite  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Ms. Namukolo Munyeme Kasumpa  Public Relations Officer  Energy Regulation Board  
Mr. Joseph Kawangu  Officer  Local Government  
Mr. Jito Jakatabala Kayumba  Government Officer  Government  
Ms. Selam Kidane Abebe  AGN Legal Advisor/SBSTTA Coordinator  AGN Negotiators  African Group of Negotiators  
Mr. Saviour Liteta  Saviour  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Topply Mulambo Lubaya  Ambassador  Zambian Embassy to Egypt  Embassy of the Republic of Zambia in Egypt  
Mr. Chonga Lubinda  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Greenwell Lyempe  Minister Counsellor  Foreign Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Ms. Maureen Mabonga  Member of Parliament  National Assembly  
Mr. Bradford Munalukupe Machila  Advocate  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Nagmeldin Goutbi Elhassan Mahmoud  AGN Advisor on GST  AGN  Axencia Galega de Noticias  
Mr. Michael Malambo  Government Officer  Government  Government  
Mr. Trio Manjimela  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Banji Muleya Mayiya  Investments Promotions Officer  Investments Department  Zambia Development Agency  
Mr. Joseph Mbinji  Project Manager - NAP Project  Green Economy and Climate Change  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Innocent Melu  Director - Policy and Planning  Planningdepartment  Zambia Development Agency  
Mr. Chola Milambo  Ambassador  United States of America  
Mr. Fredrick Likando Misebezi  Journalist  Statehouse  statehouse  
Zambia (continued) 
Mr. Francis Mpampi  National Coordinator  National Designated Authority  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Ms. Effie Moreblessing Mphande  Journalist  Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation  
Mr. Laston Mulilanduba  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Mundia Mundia  Accountant  Zambia Forestry and Forest Industries Corporation PLC  Zambia Forestry and Forest Industries Corporation  
Mr. Emmanuel Munthali  Third Secretary- Accounts  Zambian Embassy Egypt  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Scrivener Musonda  Diplomat  Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Twaambo Elvis Mutinta  Member of parliament  National Assembly  
Mr. Alick Bulala Muvundika  Acting Deputy Director  National Institute for Scientific and Industrial Research  
Mr. Kausa Mwachindalo  Traditional Chief  Local Government  Ministry of Local Government  
Ms. Edina Mwandalesa  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Morton Mwanza  Principal Vegetable Production Officer  Department of Agriculture  Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock  
Mr. James Mwasabemba  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Mumeka Mwenda  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. George Mwiinga  Government officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Michelo Miyanda Mwiinga  Senior Researcher  Department of Planning  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Brian Mwiinga  Lecturer  Statehouse  statehouse  
Mr. Lewis Mwila  Acting Director Planning  Department of Planning  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Boniface Mzenje  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Ms. Pamela Mambwe Nakamba  Economist  
Ms. Charity Nalweya  Manager  Climate Change and Natural Resources  Zambia Environment Management Agency  
Ms. Matthews Masheto Ndandula  Journalist  Zambia Daily Mail  
Mr. Titus Ng'andu  Assistant Director Early Warning and Preparedness  Disaster Management and Mitigation Unit  Office of the Vice President  
Ms. Esther Gloria Mulekwa Nkomo  Principal Environmental Research  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Aurelius Chishimba Nkonde  Senior Climate Change Officer - Mitigation  Climate Change and Natural Resources Department  Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources  
Mr. Titus Goodward Phiri  Government Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation  
Mr. Friday Phiri  Manager cooperate Affairs  Directorate Planning, information and Research  Zambia Environmental Management Agency  
Mr. Gabriel Pollen  National Coordinator  Disaster Management and Mitigation Unit  
Mr. Giyani Ignatious Sakala  Information Specialist  BioCarbon Partners  
Ms. Monika Schlottau  AGN Executive Assistant and Coordinator  AGN Administration  African Group of Negotiators  
Mr. Gregory Mwando Shakankale  Medical Practitioner  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Wakung'uma Shapa  Diplomat  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Chalwa Shepande  Hotelier  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Mato Shangavwa Shimabale  Head of Marketing and Corporate Relations  Marketing and Corporate Relations  Absa Bank  
Mr. Fanwell Siandenge  Diplomat  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Oscar Sichimba  Deputy Ambassador  United States of America  
Zambia (continued) 
Ms. Alice Yande Sichinsambwe  Assitant Director - Information, Education and Communications  Information, Education and Communication  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Lazarous Sichone  Environmentalist  Environment  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Chibaula David Silwamba  Lawyer  Ministry of Green Economy and Environment  
Mr. Musiwa Simashela  Aide-De-Camp  Ministry of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperations  
Mr. Arnord Simwaba  Director Energy  Ministry of Energy  
Mr. Noel Mackson Mayungo Wasamunu  Photo Journalist  Statehouse  statehouse  
Mr. Othniel Mintang Yila  Finance Advisor to Zambia  Climate Change and Natural Resources Management Department  Commonwealth Secretariat  
Mr. Chomba Mubanga Yumbe  Cameraman  Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation  
Zimbabwe 
Mr. Isaac Ananias Moyo  President's Department  
Mr. July Moyo  Minister  Ministry of Local Government and Public Works  
Mr. Amon Murwira  Minister  Ministry of Higher and Tertiary Education, Science and Technology  
Mr. Mthuli Ncube  Minister  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  
Mr. Nqobizitha M Ndhlovu  Minister  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Sithembiso G G Nyoni  Minister  Ministry of Women Affairs, Small and Medium Enterprises Development  
Ms. Barbara Rwodzi  Deputy Minister  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Frederick M Shava  Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Soda Zhemu  Minister  Ministry of Energy and Power Development  
Mr. Washington Zhakata  Director  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Kelvin Bako  Ministry Youth Desk Officer  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Reuben Barwe  Reporter  Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation  
Mr. Lameck Betera  Administrative Officer  Civil Protection  Ministry of Local Government, Public Works and National Housing  
Mr. Lloyd Bona  ICT Specialist  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. James C Boyce  Partner  Carbon Credit Africa  
Mr. Edd Branson  Advisor  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Vallduno Jonas Brown  Security  President's Department  
Mr. Clemence T Bwenje  Chief Director  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Fisheries and Rural Development  
Mr. Blessing Chabikwa  Officer  Ministry of Primary and Secondary Education  
Ms. Memory Chamisa  Communications Officer  ZBC  
Mr. George Charamba  Deputy Chief Secretary  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Archieford Chemhere  
Ms. Pauline A Chibvuma  Development Specialist  Children's Fund  
Mr. Pearson T Chigiji  Director  Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Aaron Chigona  Director General  Environmental Management Agency  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Caleb Chikata  Communications Officer  Zim Cairo  
Mr. Joyce Chikudze  Agriculturalist  Research  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Albert R Chimbindi  Ambassador  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Fortune Chimbishi  Agronomist  Department of Agricultural Education  
Zimbabwe (continued) 
Mr. Lovemore Zabibi Chimbiya  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Alois Chinake  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Aaron F. M. Chingombe  Marketing Manager  Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority  
Mr. Tawanda Chinogwenya  Environmental Manager  Environmental Management Agency  
Mr. Nehemiah Chipato  Director  African Renaissance Sustainable Development  
Mr. Chitsaka Chipaziwa  Chief of Protocol  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Ms. Tariro Chipepera  Acting Director  Women Affairs and Gender  Ministry of Women Affairs, Gender and Community Development  
Mr. Lisben Chipfunde  Manager Environment and Climate Change  City of Harare  
Mr. Blessing Chipfunde  Chief Operating Officer  Futures Inc  
Mr. Shingirayi H Chipiri  Corporate Secretary  Allied Timbers  
Mr. Sorobhi Chirima  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Ernest Chisango  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Paul B Damasane  Deputy Chief Secretary  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Ms. Charity Denhere  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Tafadzwa O. Dhlakama  NDC Embedded Advisor  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Lovemore Dhoba  Deputy Director  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Fisheries and Rural Development  
Mr. Jotamu Dondofema  Agriculturalist  Department of Agricultural Education  
Mr. Patrick Dongo  Alternative Energy Technology Engineer  Rural Electrification Engineer  
Ms. Irene Molly Doroh  Chief Director  Vice President's Office  
Mr. Laxon Dube  Administrator  Ministry of Local Government  
Ms. Charity Sally Dube  Administrator  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Ms. Esnath Dube  PA to Minister  Ministry of Women Affairs, Community, Small and Medium Enterprises Development  
Mr. C Dzavakwa  Presidential Press Officer  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Raphael T Faranisi  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Lazarus Fungurani  Presidential Cameraman  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Jacob Gamu  Chief Economist  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  
Mr. Gideon Gapare  Chief Director  Protocol  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Sydney Z Gata  Chairman  Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority  
Mr. Regis Giya  Deputy Director  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Linia Gopo  Deputy Director  Meteorological Services  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Amos Gondo Gutsa  Officer  President's Department  
Ms. Evelyn Loreta Gwati  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Christopher Nharo Gwatidzo  Senior Principal Director  Office of President and Cabinet  
Ms. Veronica N Jakarasi  Climate Finance Manager  Infrastructure Development Bank of Zimbabwe  
Ms. Cassandra M Kadenha  Energy Development Officer  Ministry of Energy and Power Development  
Mr. Arthur Kaitano  Minister's Aide  Ministry of Energy and Power Development  
Ms. Vimbai C Kaitano  Farmer  African Renaissance Sustainable Development  
Mr. Nickros Kajengo  Development Economist  Department of Agricultural Education  
Mr. Talkmore Kanda  Sales and Marketing Manager  Allied Timbers  
Mr. Mclay Lynden Kanyangarara  Climate Change Advisor  Consultant  
Ms. Marian Kazingizi  Officer  President's Department  
Zimbabwe (continued) 
Mr. Abisaya Kufazvineyi  Officer  President's Department  
Ms. Sibongile Kunaka  Assistant  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Simbarashe Kutadzaushe  Minister's Aide  Ministry of Higher and Tertiary Education  
Mr. Paradzayi Kutyauripo  Security  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Busani Lunga  Projects Officer  ACT Alliance - Action by Churches Together  
Mr. Charles Mabika  Environmental Analyst  City of Harare  
Mr. Archford Mabuka  Market Analyst  ZimTrade  
Mr. Innocent Machekano  Liason Officer  Zim Cairo  
Mr. Royjos Machiwana  Officer  President's Department  
Ms. Brenda N Madamombe  Director  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Brian Magagula  Officer  President's Department  
Ms. Gloria S Magombo  CEO  Government of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Knowell Makichi  Minister's Aide  Ministry of Women Affairs, Community, Small and Medium Enterprises Development  
Ms. Violet Makoto  Information and Communications Manager  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Remigious Makumbe  Special Advisor  Global water partnership  
Ms. Pedzisayi J Makumbe  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of National Housing and Social Amenities  
Mr. McLarence S Mandaza  Officer  Pan African University  
Mr. Kudakwashe Manyanga  Principal Research Officer  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Fisheries and Rural Development  
Mr. Munyaradzi G Manyaya  General Manager  Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority  
Mr. Malan Manyundo  Energy Officer  Renewable Energy  Ministry of Energy and Power Development  
Ms. Rebecca Manzou  Director  Meteorological Services  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Clive Marimo  Engineer  Ministry of National Housing and Social Amenities  
Mr. Abedinigo Marufu  General Manager  Forestry Commission  
Mr. Thompson Marufu  Accountant  Ministry of Local Government  
Mr. Tinashe C Mashavave  Principal Economist  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  
Mr. Actwell Mashavave  Protocol  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Andrew Mashavira  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Stephen Mashoko  Cameraman  Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation  
Mr. Lawrence Mashungu  Climate Change Scientist-Mitigation  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Fisheries and Rural Development  
Mr. Nyasha C Masungo  Principal Science and Technology Officer  Ministry of Higher and Tertiary Education, Science and Technology  
Ms. Emily F Matingo  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Prosper B Matondi  Chief Director and National Coordinator  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Lillian Matsika  Chief Director  Ministry of Women Affairs, Community, Small and Medium Enterprises Development  
Ms. Mildred Z Matunga  Environmental Officer  Environmental Markets Association  
Mr. John Mazani  Committee Clerk  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Lloyd Mazivarimwe  Legal Officer  Legal Services  Ministry of Environment, Water and Climate  
Ms. Simelinkosi N Mdlongwa  Director  OPC  
Ms. Nesia Mhaka  Youth Representative  
Mr. Jean-Betrand Mhandu  National Coordinator  AYICCZ  
Ms. Batanai Chido Mhango  Protocol Officer  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Zimbabwe (continued) 
Ms. Christabel C Mhiribidi  Officer  Zimbabwe Environmental Law Association  
Mr. Africa Mparuri Moyo  Reporter  Herald  
Mr. Phakamile M Moyo  Acting Town Clerk  City of Harare  
Mr. Rogers L Mpande  Director  Zimbabwe Climate Change Working Group  
Mr. Mbekezeli Mthunzi  Development Officer  African Renaissance Sustainable Development  
Mr. Tawanda Mudimu  Presidential Cameraman  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Ms. Sandra Mudzengerere  Public Education and Information Manager  Gender Commission  
Ms. Nyarai Priscillah Mudzinge  Director Urban Planning  Ministry of Local Government  
Mr. Tobias Mudzingwa  Renewable Energy Engineer  Zimbabwe Energy Regulatory Authority  
Mr. Muchineripi Mudzviti  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Tirivanhu Muhwati  Climate Change Scientist  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Morari Muindisi  Officer  President's Department  
Ms. Margaret Mukahanana Sangarwe  Chairperson  Zimbabwe Gender Comission  
Mr. Tafadzwa Mukanhairi  Officer  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Levi U. Mukono  Deputy Director  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Ms. Munashe Mukonoweshuro  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Lynn Fadzayi Mukubwa  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Webester Mukwati  Communications Officer  Ministry of Local Government  
Mr. Gibson Mundende  Investment Banking Analyst  FBC Bank  
Ms. Venrandah Munyoro  Director Legal Services  Legal Services  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Simba Mupodyi  Economist  Ministry of Agriculture  
Mr. James C Murombedzi  Researcher  Asociación Colombiana del Petróleo y Gas  
Ms. Melissa T Murwira  Environmentalist  Young Volunteers For the Environment Zimbabwe  
Mr. Terrence Musamirapamwe  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Pesanai Musara  Deputy Director Evaluation and Learning  Ministry of Higher and Tertiary Education  
Mr. Shingirayi Mushamba  Urban Planner  Ministry of Local Government  
Mr. Jeremiah Mushosho  Climate Change Programme Specialist  
Mr. Qhubekani Muswere  Media  Office of the President and Cabinet  
Mr. Francis K. Mutambara  Official  Government of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Tatenda Mutasa  Climate Change Officer  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Fisheries and Rural Development  
Ms. Janita Mutimhodyo  Desk Officer Environment  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  
Mr. Bryan K Mutumhe  Ministr's Aide  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Visitor J Mutumhe  Government of Zimbabwe  
Mr. Marshal Mututu  Counsellor  Zim Cairo  
Mr. Younger Ncube  Economist  Ministry of Finance and Economic Development  
Mr. Brighton Ndebele  PA to Minister  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Gift Ndhlovu  Commercial Services Manager  Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority  
Mr. Kudzai F. Ndidzano  Climate Change Scientist  Climate Change Management  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Cinderella Ndlovu  Environmentalist  AYICCZ  
Ms. Pauline Ndlovu  Marketing Officer  ZTA  
Mr. Muchineripi Nemhara  Sustainable Development Officer  Ministry of Public Service Labour and Social Welfare  
Zimbabwe (continued) 
Mr. Remigio Nenzou  CEO  Allied Timbers  
Ms. Sekai Ngarize  AFOLU Inventory Expert  Climate Change Management  
Mr. Cliff Nhandara  Director Planning and Technology  Rural Electrification Agency  
Ms. Pauline N Nhunzvi  Ecologist  Environment and Natural Resources  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Grace N Nicholas  Agricultural Economist  Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Water, Fisheries and Rural Development  
Ms. Stella Nkomo  Deputy CEO  ZITF Company  
Mr. Nathan Nkomo  Chief Director  Civil Protection  Ministry of Local Government, Public Works and National Housing  
Ms. Bernadette S Ntaba Kadyamusuma  Special Assistant to Minister  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Cletus Nyachowe  Engineer  Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority  
Mr. Tafadzwa Nyamaharo  Deputy Minister's Aide  Ministry of Environment, Climate, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Forbes Nyamayaro  A/Director IT  MHTEISTD  
Ms. Marcia Tendai Nyanda  Permanent Secretary  Vice President's Office  
Ms. Zanele Nyathi  Administrative Officer  Multilateral Affairs  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Taurai Booth William Nyemba  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Absolom Nyoni  Security  President's Department  
Ms. Lindiwe J Nyoni  Communications Officer  Zimbabwe Energy Regulatory Authority  
Mr. Peace Rugube  Energy Engineer  Zimbabwe River Authority  
Mr. Tapiwa R Rupende  Counsellor  Zimbabwe High Commission-New York  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Nesbert Samu  Chief Director  Parliament of Zimbabwe  
Ms. Patience Sawada  Protocol Officer  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Mr. Shebba Shumbayawonda  Ambassador  Zim Cairo  
Ms. Mavis Sibanda  Permanent Secretary  Ministry of Industry and Commerce  
Ms. Amkela Sidange  Environmental Education and Publicity Officer  Environmental Markets Association  
Mr. Misheck B. Siyakatshana  Technical Director  Zimbabwe Energy Regulatory Authority  
Ms. Norah Takaindisa  Advocasy and Communications Officer  Ministry of Environment, Tourism and Hospitality Industry  
Ms. Sostina M Takure  Development Economist  Actalliance  
Ms. Diana Tapedzanyika  Climate Finance Officer  FBC Bank  
Ms. Dorcas Tawonashe  Economist  Economics and Markets  Ministry of Agriculture, Mechanisation and Irrigation Development  
Mr. Banabas Simbarashe Tera  ADC  President's Department  
Mr. Foster Thole  Officer  Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Trade  
Mr. Patrick T Tuluzawu  Principal Economist  Ministry of Industry and Commerce  
Mr. Terrance Zimunya  Officer  President's Department  
Mr. Sosten Ziuku  Director  Renewable Energy  Ministry of Energy and Power Development 